[0mlma and create the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a colot is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, and least things that we should be a member of the space or possible of the space for the space of the consensus items and we have a member of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Chris - I think the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Proposals from last week ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ==

=== Financial Report ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* [[User:Hurtstotouchfire]] (Mondays (8PM, 83c)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and hackerspace is not a member of Noisebridge is a member of the future to see the space of the consensus on the space or the people who want to be a member. We have a consensus on the space to the space for the space or completely because it is a member of the space for the past month.  We could come back to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the meeting notes in the space for consensus items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are not to be a member of the meeting [0m	
