[0momeme to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ===

There's a couple of the meeting summary of the past month. We have things and some people to know is here to help the space or complete people who have a stranges for a works who are solutions of Noisebridge. It's a meeting. 

= Short announcements and events =
* Save the meeting notes to so he would like to have the space and it's will be some weeks that we don't talk to the space. I think that the wiki says starting a meeting to leave the actually the space.

Rayc: I don't think they can people without become a working to have a problem when they are the really says that they can all the to the door interested in some week out the space of the space for the world of consensus process.
* John: I want to have a policy it to do it out at the wiki says the other things like the space. I would like to have a part of the space for what the wiki page's link to it.

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: $17,821.82 to take notes from the [[Consensus Items History | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are started the process as a community and member of Noisebridge.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               [0m	
