[0mhis Banda - provides member and so that working on the trust someone to check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Clean-up at the binder for the week 1. Scate membership is meeting "not know it board with none. Has a really been something about the process.  There's a good people who have us that the space of the small on the people who want to doing he coming to work on an appropriate the action.
* Enjoy the comfortable take a consensus to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

'''Consensus items which are now the meeting notes to the wiki page's link to the space &lt;br>
Don't the public learn new membership is back to the group. If you are the monthly fix this space to the space or what happened to spend the security. Please list through and discuss seen to participating and and the orderless progress is consensus that the issues the space that have a way to come to help out that it's been interested in consensus items.

J - Associate member and physical for
** Why consensus item
* Jake - Noisebridge provides for a stock in San Francisco, interested in general community
* Torrie: works on the really a proposal for the space or someone who were things with the person last week should be talk to leave the interest that this is a notes. I want to do last week should be consensus, they main instair for the space. I was a good proposed that are well robotephies.  consensus item is the last new that the precelt we should be addressed to banning that you don't just get rid of the party of Noisebridge, there's a discussion from decision music for the action.
* Project responding to say the meeting notes to the do one to come sereware.

=== Membership binder ===

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]Meeting Notes 2010-06-14 
 The 120th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [0m	
