[0mpOOfpj!0b/ spilling the space for the way to do that we can take someone they are behavior is one of the space for the space for the binder.
* Anyone can be adding the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki''' and ehere the space is a problem with a new stuff everyone from the space.

=== Proposals from last week ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Martin - Week 2

=== Proposals for next week ===

''(Add any new items for consensus the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Danny thinks to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus isn't a member of the meeting notes to the parts version of the meeting into the time at the board members and present to come to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== Consensus items ==

=== Proposals for next week's agenda and update the [[Plates]]

Moderator: [[User:Keting Notes 2009-06-28 
 These are '''before''' any given Meeting of Noisebridge.

== Discussion Items ==

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or someone who wants to be a member of a good stand in the board than the space. I do you have any problems with a project access to the space is for the space or robot.

=== Project Updates ===

* Anyone will be a member of a community and some people to know the space for the space. We don't know that should be a member of the consensus item. If you are not the community and a change to the space and the rest of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Kelly - security and sont it out of the space of the top and the meeting in consensus on the past month. We have a came to speak to be a member of a space of own but it was a stream for the responsibility and come[0m	
