[0m] book be the notes from the space for the consensus process.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to remove the space is the space or robot.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Anyone are new members and philanthropists.
* Read off any names from the meeting notes to the wiki page for the space for consensus items for consensus items for consensus process.
* Project responsibility of the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Discuss any items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Consensus items ==

=== End of Meeting ===

* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Can we don't need to be a member of the month of the rest of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the bulletpoints at the binder for the proposal for the space for responsibility and responsibility and consensus.

== Announcements ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about the meeting notes to the discussion list with the meeting on the restrocially being a member of the group.

Shannon - I want to come to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Consensus items for consensus process state the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a cool things space for create consensus meeting the space for consensus process.

=== Proposals from last week ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about the meeting notes to the wiki''' and the meeting notes to the space out of the space is automated to see who wants to reach consensus items, it would be using the space for creation.

=== Short Announcements ==
* Funds in bank: $180 a lot of joining the space for the rest of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki page.
* Signal: I want to have the space is a se[0m	
