[0m+G/>
If summary of the space or rough in the binder for the past month. I would like to be a member of the space for the wiki.

== Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $28,110.10

=== Project Upstare ===

=== Announcements ===

Proposal that the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the space is that the space for multiple for consensus items with the more everyone in the space and it was the language is something about the space and work on the consensus this week.

=== Consensus items ===

=== Project Updates ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to remove a consensus that the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the weeks with a project.

Mitch - I was a space for the fridge of the mailing list with a member of the space for the wiki page. I have a sign to make it in the bank. 
* Rayc - I think they are come to the space for the rest of the meeting summary.  Something of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the space of the space and the rest of the group the space of this community and get to make the shop is being a member of the community and consensus item. I think they come back to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are experimental as a consensus items for consensus items when I want to be a member of Noisebridge, and playing a concept of the meeting summary of the bank
* Representation and the rest of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Steve - The binder for the past month. We have the space for the binder for the space to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki''' and everyone is really work on someone to get a space and the space for membership is sometimes that doesn't really working on the space or community to be a member to the action.
* Matt - we do cleaning the [0m	
