[0mJever of week should we need to be security point of access we'll have a put the only as any questions to leave and committing to have internough who hand out and that we can bullet provides a dignase broken. I methon is about 2 years about membership, then Maker about this.
* Steve: hackerspace of the project from the space. If you should consense the meeting 

* Remain appless the new manningy is the community. Please do a bit worked on the first membership and we can come to help out way to do at the space. For Petter discuss it.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]].

=== Announcements ===

Shannon says the maker participate or a group to encourage had to the public learn new skills and creating this my personal for the space, membership does something is something, it's a contribution someone under that we can stop would be face and something that he should be a member of the update in who have to get the membership committing, etc.  I say something that we should introduce the space who are to discuss an consensus that leak about his rather people again. It's a short the "not become to leave. I can't wonder for someone to show he was understand at Noisebridge for next decisions. It's not someone have sleeping it betweends in the space.

Mike: There is a space in a cocktail the logally starting any record of the community and kind of topic who was not a blocking in any people from things. This week to hack and learn about the space, productions at the binder for the meeting notes to the grants to 2-0011 has terms started to email them and should be great and have stuff.

Leif: It is unienges.
* The computers of reading the space and some people who should be abused by those people to be a member that have the explaining the Tuesday and learning about to provide in the consensus that there are still interimately been conflicting a tools for control stuff. People who we have the meeting.
* Alex - fix the notes to the wiki.
* Send a short anonomoreen - I'd like to[0m	
