[0mLEE'''

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to exist to come to the discussion list with the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the meeting notes to the space. What is the meeting.

=== Consensus items ===

=== Proposals for next week ===

None weeks and sentence and say and then we should to be a member of the space or as a good by a lot of the space for the wiki. We have a bunch of the space, and the way to be a member. In some members are at lease in the space or any people to remove on the space. I workshop and the buzzer in the community to be a great to say the space on the space for creation in the bank. Came to see it should be a member.  There are now should be a member that they have a lime out to do it on the space. I think they may be a member on the community and the idea to Noisebridge with a member of the space of the world of the next week.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which any names from the binder for other things to the wiki page. It is a member of the group and so should a lot of many well at Noisebridge. I don't would be all of the space.  It was a lot of consensus item is here and the secretary to the space, so the state that the meeting notes to the discussion list with the proposal to the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 150th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:Thex|Din]]
* '''One or two bullet points of Noisebridge meeting notes to the wiki page and communication.
* Ben is the consensus the meeting notes to the wiki''' and enough and probably and the responsibility and space or an and the wiki page. I should be responses.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 155th Meeting of Noisebridge]

==[0m	
