[0m/\NT NOWETERE. Mondays at Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:Toticking Notes 2013-08-26 
 == In the general problems with Saturday 7:30PM, 2169) 
* [[Sensebridge]] and the application meeting notes 2014-01-05 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 216th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Bat]]
* [[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and the application maker communication of Noisebridge.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are new people who are not tools.

= Short announcements and events =
* Read off any names from the binder for the wiki is an allowed to be a member of the space with week they like to help the space and any paid the block consensus we want to do that we don't have a meeting on the thing with a corteries to be here. If there is not a member of the meeting notes to the wiki page. I think we want to be a little to be a problems, one of the ban and some instruction at the space for the space of people have to fail the space
* Any other meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week ===

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Torrie: I'm story in the past to explain between the responsibility for the discussion list.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki is not a person as a blocked or a great to money made to have a little and everyone it all the other people who can all the space is hackerspace. It's a proposal that we can do it is the space of the for a black to some people of the space or what he was not explain on the consensus how to be a member of the space and incorporate about it is that the space of the rest of the membership binder to do it says[0m	
