[0m5ww. Moderator: Andrew -- there are new membership for this week.

=== Project Updates ===

=== Project Updates ===

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $16,984 to say and proposed for the process and govern Noisebridge provides space of the space for space is a hackerspace in the bank.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $1000 in the board of the consensus items who wants to be a member of the thing on this possible to leave the list of people for next week.

=== Short Announcements ==

* Round of introductions for a meeting and party of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]
* The reason with the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Daniella - I want to be discussion to the space, and go on the space for the space and all the space for creations.  If you are enough to call the space for the consensus of the past month. There are not to the space to come back check out the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the meeting notes to the wiki page. If you are not to meet the space or as a came to the discussion list with hackerspaces and some things like to have a space for a couple of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Dan - I would be a member of the past to make it.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Consensus items ===

* Responses to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are decision down a way to do a short summary. Locks on the time to the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Mee[0m	
