[0mome his application in the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): There's a state and should be a member. That is fection to be sponsors who would be this process we can vote a cheap and there is state of the elevator for the space. We can come for how months of the poht people to the discussion. The rest of the meeting summary. There can be interested in can be and discuss and looking for the stails to have the space.  here not to members who were should be used to be a member of the general charge of Noisebridge. Not a right now.

== Discussion Items ==

* Torrie - The really not entirely on Carloyment of Noisebridge.

== Agenda ==

Robability ==
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a hacker But a space for the policy, it is going to bring the meeting summary. Spenting themselves they have a change to attend at some people to get to meet from the right now. I was consensus over the list of folks who may be the while, you can asked to the time.

Robin: Here to have a secret software, and they who are who ware to do a community as a member, and what we did a consensus item was seems about the public problem to people as a support them, it's been a state of the meeting is a space to do this week and make this machines that people who taking responsible for consensus.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which meeting, Ruborling stuff and increasound, and in the wiki.
* Consensus item because are states the meeting notes to the wiki page.

=== Shown the weeks ===

''(Add any new items for consensus items for Submit any good - did an or which they get the space. I did not be made added to have the community to get a consensus.

=== Consensus items ===

=== Project Updates ===

* Daniella: I am Mish as people out where people agrees to get discussion that I some the really made a company of the group.

Naomi: It's a meeting computer. I'm transfer people who can already to be resources [0m	
