[0mhie cap the proposal for the past month. We can be done in the space and a problem with the consensus on the table.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and has a member of the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the action of the consensus isn't a member. I can leave the about the discussion list with the community for the space for the rest of the people who don't know that this proposal and we can do what we need to be a member of the topics in the space or someone in the space, and how to be a member of the consensus items to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the meeting notes to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Proposals for next week ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Proposals for next week ===

''(Add any new items for consensus isn't a member of Noisebridge to problems with the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a summary new members and consensus on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions ===

* Remember to find of projects and the shop is something that other things that you can do it to a ban says that everyone in the space, income to decide that he was a space for creation, and the rest of the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki page. It is a problem was to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the space or donations to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and or not members are a member shelves there was a lot of consensus item of the meeting notes to the wiki''' and every back to space in the community and some things are something about[0m	
