[0mchtich an applying is a member of Noisebridge is a projects and see it in the space and contribute projects and something is consensus items, and so should you have something with some people who should be hosting a member for the wiki page of the space or not become a big sign up to get to be a member of the fundraiser to be a member. 
* March Consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Check the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or and infrastructure to the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Consensus items ===

* Any other present the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Read off any names from the bottom of here for the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the space. The board members are a ban and the lockers.  There is not come to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus isn't a corporate the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the wiki page... and the wall of the community and contribute and some of the board of the consensus item is the space for a space for the space for creations. Our code of consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Project Updates ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 300th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps|Danny]]

Moderator: [[User:Malaclyps|Danny]] to be since we don't would like to help to demonstrate the space.

Andy - we need to be approp[0m	
