Meeting Notes 2009-03-17 
 [[Category:Meeting Notes]]

= Agenda Items =
* What Noisebridge is about.
* Regular Happenings
** Circuit Hacking Mondays (8PM, 83c)
** Pyclass (Monday at 6:30PM, 83c)
** Machine Learning Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
** Natural Language Corners
** Sense Extension/Sensebridge/Cyborgism Group (Sundays)
* There's a PA system here; are people interested in keeping it here as a loaner item?

* Noisebridge Buttons
*''' Consensus decision on going to Maker Faire as an official Noisebridge entity'''
* Upcoming events
** Five Minutes of Fame at 8pm this Thursday 3/17/09
* read membership folder names
* Thin Mints


= Meeting Notes =

Meeting start at 823pm 3/17/09  (A few new faces are noticed, next meeting make sure to have a round of '''introductions''')

'''* What Noisebridge is about.'''
  
Josh M. Facilitating 

R. Miloh A. Notetaking

Noisebridge is about excellence..  The new visual aid is noted, appreciated, and Josh states: "'''our ethos is to be excellent'''"

=== ''' Regular Happenings ''' ===

* '''Circuit Hacking Mondays (8PM, 83c)'''
Josh introduces Circuit Hacking Mondays, led my Mitch A.
* '''Pyclass (Monday at 6:30PM, 83c)'''
Josh introduces, adds class will restart after first session
Members can join at any time in this class process though!
* '''Machine Learning Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)'''
Josh introduces, this week ML lab continues with the extension of Perceptron
	Perceptron in Lisp Python Mathematica and maybe ActionScript
	(insert Web page link:  http://)
* '''Natural Language Corners'''
**Mandarin Corner  Molly introduces the mandarin culture corner starting at '''5pm''' on '''Friday'''
**German interest is still being generated
**Spanish interest is still being generated
**ASL is brought up as a  possability by Molly
**Hindi Toki Pona Latin Portuguese all mentioned! ''Make your class''

* '''Thursday Class''' is brought up by Mike Kan, an open science class demonstrating and discussing engineering, design, and '''rough science''' projects.

* '''Cyborg Class  on Sundays 11AM'''
Todd A.'s compass hat is brought up and described by Rachel.  
Senses changed by adding extra senses and improving senses
wE were excitable --miloh

==== Template for meeting notes mentioned by Rachel (?ask? ''someone, please edit a link in here'')====

=== There's a PA system here; are people interested in keeping it here as a loaner item?===
*Rachel -- Thinks it a '''fine idea'''.  We should check that it is a actual donation to Noisebridge.  No guarantees.  Although stuff 
"Opens door to a '''lending library of things'''"
*Steen -- lots of things are useful for different folks, there is a fine line when things are taken out of the space, for any reason.
*Josh -- desire to keep the library as a '''pure reference library'''
*Christie -- '''2 books''' are '''missing''' from the library
*Micheal -- borrowed books back and brought them back... 
*Josh -- Multiple copies are fine to remove borrow for temporary times, "its odd to have someone walk off with a '''shared resource'''"
*Steen -- '''barcode/qcat''' isbn database would be fun to build
*Mike K. -- the PA is large and shows a trend towards accepting many things that may push us or our use of the space out of it.  
*Steen -- '''ensure''' these things are true '''permanent donations'''
*Steen -- Wire spooler might need to go away
*Josh -- wire spooler has been useful on several occasions -- Cat5 runs
*Steen -- Could put '''mail to the list for a lending library''' for smaller objects
or nonphysical objects and the logistics 

=== Resolutions regarding the PA and Lending Library ===
Lending Library to be discussed on the following week 
A consensus decision on lending the donated PA (after ensuring it is a permanent donation) should be made next week.

===Noisebridge Buttons===
Steen:  Trista has Noisebridge buttons from Etsy!  She is selling them for $1 a piece to support Noisebridge.  Find Steen to support Noisebridge by buying buttons.  

=== Consensus decision on going to Maker Faire as an official Noisebridge entity===
No opposition in the meeting to going to the maker faire
Rachel --
1> by the end of the month have a proposal to submit
2> afaik there is no requirements for payment 
3> the maker area will be used, some # of passes will be available
4> 5 people swapped passes last year
5> Nana would appreciate '''ridesharing to the Maker Faire''', as its only easy to get there from Caltrain if you can the distances in between easily..   
6> Miloh asks:  What do we want to take there?  Personal Projects or Collaborations?    No problems voiced with any of these ideas of things to bring.  
7> tables and chairs will be necessary.
8> Consensus is Reiterated...  Maker FAIR CONSENSUS REACHED.

=== Upcoming events===
'''Five Minutes of Fame'''
* Josh announces 5OF is coming up this THURSDAY 3/19
* The Agenda link is live on the wiki, and on the discuss-list
* Nana -- desires MOnkey to be on the FOF this thurday, asks IS HE ON THE LIST?  
* '''Bold text'''Josh - - WE should follow up on that...  Monkey is not on this list
* Mike K. will have a table set up with projects
* Tangential Encounters follow:
* Nana - Went to the Stacey's bookstore Funeral this week, still has her book of '''logarithms''' 
* Christie has her mothers '''CRC'''
* Josh uses his '''aPRESS''' [sic]
 
=== Read membership folder names===
Josh Introduces the Binder Process for Membership.

People interested in becoming members can fill out a member sheet, (anonymous ok,) hang out, get members to sign off (2 members min.), and after attending 4 meetings can become Members..

Reading '''member pages''' from The Folder:

(NP'S are AFAIK from people speaking)
(Names are all [sic] from hearing them being read.)
John waters
Jonathan moore  (Present)
San Mehat  (NP)
Daniel Packer  (NP)
Ceren (Present)
Jason Spense (NP)
Ryan Carter (not present)
Matthew Borgati (NP)
Jean Rintoul  (NP)
G Carter StokEm'  (NP)
Larry Fisoli (NP)
Eric Boyd (NP)
Jessica Richmon (NP)
David Kelso (NP)
Marti(y)n Borgandi (NP)
Crutcher Donovan
Eron L  [sic]
Devon Shaun McAlly
Ryan Snow
Paul Boehm  aka Enki(NP)
Jeff Schmidt  Present


'''Members UP'''

Theo   Was here on Friday nights

Erin    Josh notes she helped with his CharliePlexing Project.

Josh asks are there any objections?

Steen Nana Josh and others discuss..
ANY OBJECTIONS OR CONCERNS?

Interesting and have been present and they need to get to know them better.

Nana reserves that  members at Noisebridge should get more introductions to new folks

No one objects to the addition of the two prospective members, consensus is reached and they are now new members &lt;REJOICE>


for closure:  '''Thin Mints''' are presented to NOM NOM by Andy