Meeting Notes 2010-03-09 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Jason Dusek

Note-Taker: jof

== Announcements ==

* New WiFi access point
* Albert introduces himself
* Henrik is visiting from Denmark
** Touring hackerspaces and would like to interview people

=== Introduction and Names ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

* A collaborative environment to work on projects
* "Noisebridge is a machine for turning Alcohol into flamewars"

=== Treasurer's Report ===

* Not present.
* Remember to pay your dues!
* "Is anyone owned money?"
** Jason thinks we do not

Amount in bank: $???

=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

=== Agenda Items ===

=== Membership binder ===

* Zedd has the binder. Up for membership:
** Glen Jarvis is here and up for membership
*** Been coming to noisebridge for a while. Didn't understand the membership process -- sorry. Been coming to Monday night circuit hacking evenings. Would like to be coming more and sharing the space more.
** Zedd Epstein is up for membership
*** "I'm Zedd, I build stuff."
** Christopher L. is up for membership
*** Joined on with Spacebridge. Had been doing balloon launches for the photos. Got involved in the first launch and things noisebridge is awesome.
** Chris L. is up for membership
*** Wants to sew. Been dropping in since it started. Like to sew, solder, and lights. Going to bring some color!
*** Wants to make diffraction gratings in the darkroom
* Zedd, Glen, Christopher, and Chris go for beer...
* Discussion about each member up for memebership. Concerns and praise are voiced.

* Chris L. is now a member of Noisebridge
* Christopher L. is now a member of Noisebridge
* Glen Jarvis is now a member of Noisebridge
* Zedd Epstein is now a member of Noisebridge

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
** People are building things. Lots of new faces. It's awesome.
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169)
** It's been happening reliably. People meet. Python happens.
* Linux Discussion Group - Wednesdays from 18:00 to 20:00 in the Turing classroom 
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
** "Sewing and Crafting on Wednesdays" 'or'..
** "Sewing, Crafting, or Whatever"
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
** Sensebridge is hacking shit to give you additional senses. The EEG group is hacking EEG. They have a 10-channel EEG that they are trying to convert to digital.
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
** The Noisebridge space program. They are going to launch again and plan for it to go higher and freeze less. More pretty graphs.
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM
** People that hang around on Sunday. Some people tie knots, some play Go, and some people play with locks. Sometimes at the same time.

=====Non-weekly=====

* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]
** 5 minute talks. Still slots open. If you're interested in talking, submit a talk.
* [[Welcome To Our Kitchen]] Come celebrate Pi day this Sunday with the opening of our newly completed kitchen! 
** Ani, Rubin, Miloh, and Jeffrey are putting this together. Going to be making pizza and sudo pop. Starting at 3:14 PM local time. $5 donation to cover costs.
** The new kitchen is AWESOME!
* Videos of PyCon talks Saturday, March 27, 10:00 to 22:00
** PyCon was far away. For those that couldn't go, let's hang out and watch the videos of the proceedings. The turtles talk is incredible.

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====

* Kitchen
** Nearing completion.
** We have hot water!
* Plumbing
** Zedd: "Hot water fucking works!"
* Library/dead tree: books in the new bookshelves are wanted by someone. if you want books that are in the boxes or on the old bookshelves, move them to the new bookshelves.
** New bookshelves are by Penisland.
** Old bookshelves are metal and by the elevator room

* Rats are still around. What should we do?
* In the basement, there are three huge windows with metal grates. Rats have chewed through the metal.
** We probably have a bionic rat variety
* As construction continues, we'll fill more and more holes in the infrastructure. Hopefully this will help to reduce the influx of Rattus norvegicus.
* Rats are running in packs. Run for your lives.

== Consensus items ==

* Jof for President of Noisebridge

This item was approved by consensus.

== Discussion Items ==
''Please list your name (or proxy) next to each item you list here. Good form is to personally (or through proxy) lead items added here at the meeting.''

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]