Meeting Notes 2011-07-05 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 168th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps|Danny]]

Moderator: [[User:maltman23|Mitch]]
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.


People at the meeting: Mitch, Al, Michael, Aesthetix, Cynthia, Stig, Shaun, Shannon, Will, Jesse,  Miloh, Mike, Francisco, Espin, Andy, Liz, Leif, Robert, Elia

=== Announcements ===

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $17, 058.43

This means that we are either three months ahead, as we should be, or not,
depending on whether you view the measurement to take place at the lowest point
in the cyclical monthly curve, or the highest point. It was decided that we
should view it as the lowest point, which means we are not in compliance.
Panic, etc.

The treasurer is talking to Hacker Dojo about user accounting software.

=== Membership Binder ===

Miloh re-iterated that TechShop offers half-price for Noisebridge members; and Sprint may give you a discount also as a 501(c)3 member.

Names were read.

Espen was consensed on as a member. Welcome Espen!

=== Project Updates ===

* [[User:Mid|mid]] and [[User:xek|xek]]'have been constructing awesome things on the roof to track local aircraft [[Mode-S_Receiver]]. Everyone agreed this was excellent. It 

was re-iterated that the roof is for people to put up antenna, *not* for people to go up there and hang out. We don't have permission for such things, just antennae and the like.

* Kitchen Maintenance 

[[User:lizzard|Liz]] explained the experimental signs in the kitchen, which are to see if we can't better define what needs to be done. She is taking advice on what should be improved, and when they are perfected, they will be laminated. [[User:miloh|Miloh]] and [[User:lizzard|Liz]] plotted to buy a laminator. [[User:AlSweigart|Al Sweigart]]'s toilet signs were commended as an indication of just how clean/dirty the toilets get.

Robert said that he successfully got a large hoarde of people to sweep the
place very quickly, and if only we got extra mops -- perhaps an expense of $100 -- we could just get people in the space to do it.


=== Consensus items ===

That Noisebridge pays money out of general funds for a cleaner for a trial period of three months, the price thereof to be determined at the consensus meeting.

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

The nearest quote we had was Claudia's old quote for $115 for mopping the floor
and clean the kitchen space. Rubin's previous $120 sandwich budget to get volunteers to clean was mentioned. It was raised that volunteer labor is better, and builds a better relationship, and that paid cleaning might diminish that.

Robert expanded on his plans -- 7 or eight mops! Make it quicker and more fun! Also signs, laser-cut!

It was noted that the laser-cutter's belt is currently broken, but being replaced.

Shannon noted that these dicussions regularly occur, we all agree to do it, and
then bitter disillusionment follows. We should follow our core competency,
which is apparently not cleaning.

Mitch felt that lots of people are coming through and that was increasing the amount of unnoticed mess.

Jason felt that even people who are traditionally against paying people should consense on it this one time, just to have a bit of competitive in the options.

Stig talked about Hacker Dojo's experience; he felt that Noisebridge was more social, so should be able to succeed with a communal solution.

Sebastian explained the CCC solution that each member did one hour of cleaning a quarter. Shannon asked how this was audited, and came up with some ingenious ways that he would exploit such a system.

The Timebank people suggested that maybe their [http://www.timebanks.org/] might be able to help manage such a communal system.

Mitch proposed two parallel system, one led by Robert, and one led through a funding.

Robert offered a compromise: more mops, and the month be optional.

Kelly said hey let's try the cleaner for a few months.

Miloh said the cleaner wants consistency.

Robert said okay, let's try it for a couple of months, and I'll do the alternative.

Everyone worried about Robert burning out, except Robert.

(Someone) said that maybe you could pay the volunteers in Timebank hours.

Robert said things were easier now things were cleared up a bit.

A donation was collected for Robert's cleaning materials, and obtained $72.

We discussed a potential massive amount, Aestetix suggested that the amount be proportional to Robert's collection.

We settled on $160.

Aestetix asked what the criteria would be for us being satisfied with the cleaning. It was felt that the required consensus to continue after three months would be a sufficient criteria.

Aestetix expressed his neutrality.

We consensed.


=== Discussion Items ===

Al asked how many smoke detectors do we have. Shannon said we had a shitload that spray water when they detect smoke.

Al announced that the member shelf is overcrowded, and is going to contact
members and ex-members in the member shelves and ask if they really want to
continue keeping stuff or throwing the stuff out, in the hope of clearing out
some space for new members.

Miloh pointed out that some people had not paid him for the last shelf reorganization. Danny demanded to know the guilty parties. Miloh explained that it was Jenna and Danny. Danny looked guilty and gave Miloh some money.

Danny wanted to defer the meta-talk about meeting structure until next week. Everyone agreed that he could just edit the wikito re-program the meeting.

We discussed helping organize a memorial for Len Sassaman -- we will talk about
this after the meeting (the memorial is due to happen in late July at the DNA
lounge).

Al said the recycling bins disappeared, and he is getting a new one.

The "Noisebridge Vomitorium" proposal was believed to be humorous.

Andy explained [[Noisebridge Tor]] project -- the Tor project is a fellow
non-profit, for anonymous and anti-censorship communications, and Andy and Aestetix, Jan, and others would like to run some Tor nodes *as* Noisebridge (as opposed to *at* Noisebridge). Some of us help run nodes elsewhere, but we feel that people
would like to give money for this end, but are more comfortable giving an
established instition like Noisebridge over just random people to help do the
technical side of setting up nodes. EFF has alos been conducting a Tor
challenge. We have technical people to set up nodes, providers willing to offer
space, and donators,  but we need Noisebridge to give it as an official
consensus item, so we can set up a Wells Fargo account, a paypal account, and a
email address under its name, and start taking donations specifically to run
Tor nodes.

Danny said this had been discussed before, but previously it was framed as a separate organization, who would take money to set up Tor nodes and give part of its money as a donation to Noisebridge. 

Andy agreed that this was different than this. The original idea for a separate
organization was to make the treasurer's life easier, and it was felt that
having separate accounts would be equally easy.

Kelly wondered if, even though it would be easy, whether it would be necessary?

Shannon said that part of the reason to do this so closely, it helps for it to
be a non-profit, and it helps for the paypal account etc to be officially
Noisebridge to flag that it was legitimate.

Rachel noted that this seemed very similar to her exploration of a model for
Noisebridge Fiscal Sponsorship projects.

Kelly said that she would like some open questions answered before consensus
next week, which are listed on the [[Noisebridge Tor]] page.

=== End of Meeting ===

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]