Meeting Notes 2009-06-30 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: 

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==
* What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]].
* Treasurer's report
* [[2009_New_Director|New Director]] needed
* [[Lasers]] at Noisebridge Wed July 7, 7PM
* [[Noisedoor]] is online

=== Project Updates ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''
* PyClass (Monday 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c) postponed for 2 weeks
* [[Haskell/Haschool|Haschool]] (Tuesday 6:00PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Fridays, 83c) come early for one-on-one
* Shop Class - Most Fridays @ 8pm, check out the [[Mat_fab|wiki page]] for details.
* Natural Language Corners
** [[German]] Thursdays 7PM 83c, beginners earlier, advanced come later.
** French Wednesday (time?)
* [[Sensebridge]] Cyborg Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]] Sunday 3pm - 5pm
* [[DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge]] currently organized through web
* Go on Sunday 3pm
* Locks Sunday 3pm
* [[Adobe_Lightroom|Adobe Lightroom Class]] Thursday 8pm

* [[ToorCamp|ToorCamp]] is next week, July 2nd though the 5th - rural Washington; many NB'ers and friends attending, plz to be joining!

== Consensus Items ==
* Shall we host an Arse Elektronika workshop?  See Johannes's request [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2009-June/005326.html here] (Ready for consensus?)

=== Membership Binder ===
* Reading Names
* New member approvals

== Discussion topics ==
* [[Potential_Locations|New space]] - When should we grow, does the wiki list all of our [[Moving/Desires | requirements/wishes]], should we collect money prior to signing a lease, etc

= Notes =
* Add links to every agenda item up.
* Volunteers to lead the next meeting?

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]