Meeting Notes 2016-02-02 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The XXXth Meeting of Noisebridge]. Date: Feb 2 2016 Note-taker: Alex; Moderators: John
* Announcements:
* Five minutes of fame February 18 [https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Five_Minutes_of_Fame 
* FLASCHENTASCHEN  [https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Flaschen_Taschen 
* HACK THE LEFT this weekend 5-7 FEB https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Hacktheleft
* UPCOMING DEEP LEARNING WORKSHOP WITH STEVE: 
* MIDDLE SCHOOL MAKER FAIRE April 17th at Presidio Sunday 1-4PM https://pms-sfusd-ca.schoolloop.com/SFSchoolMakerFaire
* SOLARPUNK: Imagine a bright future At Monument Feb 20 Saturday 
* UPCOMING SHOP SAFETY CLASS WITH TORRIE AND OTHER TEACHERS WELCOME.
    

= Introductions =
* Torrie: Noisebridge is an art project by Monochrom to pretend it is a hackerspace. We have one rule: be excellent to each other as long as you follow the rule and be taking care of the space.
*John Schutt: Investigative journalist working on Bayleaks where you can send things the public should know!
* Mark Bunger: First week here, visiting for SF Schools day, had a lot of fun, been to maker faire and kids have learned to solder at 8 years old.
* Jim Christie: Came to check it out. 
* Graphic designer. First time here!
* Jeanie: Work in galleries non-profit galleries exhibition designer.
* Mike: Programmer and tech consultant visiting from East Coast for another week.
* Henner: Iiiiiiii write software at night time, and day time, and sometimes I make furniture.
* Steve: Software developer and musician. Been around the space 3 or 4 years, love it.
* Lee Azzarello: Software engineer, hobby is music, computer music specifically. Once upon a time knew people who did things here but they all moved to Berlin. I used to hang out here when traveling here from NY but now I live in SF! Yea.
* Valentine: I am entrepreneur, I do stuff mostly with augmented reality and 3D. I do 3D effects, if you saw my demo of origamidi AR midi controller. I like music and dabble in some other fields with AR, robotics, music, startups, etc. First time here!
* David: Bunny! I go to school A LOT. At SF STate senior, business admin minor, minor in ... I like to volunteer. This place is rad, I teach Raspberry Pi display and class here and it's great.
* Chris: Do game design and dabble in restoring. Also full time Ninja.
* Alex: I'm a full note taker and I teach. Can't type while speaking
* Rob: First meeting here, do web development. I don't think it is a bike shed argument!
* Scott: Came to Gamebridge couple weeks ago, first meeting since.
* Romy: Been going here 6 years. I hang out in algorithms class. I make art. I love dropping by here.

= Short announcements and events =
* Five minutes of fame February 18 can be our first 5moF since hiatus. David: I will do coordinating and Torrie will MC. New speaker: Raspberry pi foundation person wants to come and speak at our Five Minutes of Fame. He teaches people to do cool things with $5 computers.  [https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Five_Minutes_of_Fame 5 Minutes of fame is a series of lightnight talks, put it on your calendar!]
* We have had talks about building hackerspaces running them burning them down and all kinds of interesting topics. Expand your mind, show up at Feb 18th with a talk that's 5 minutes or less and get on stage and talk about things.
* FLASCHENTASCHEN Those crates with lights! [https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Flaschen_Taschen FLASCHEN TASCHEN WIKI PAGE] Bring beer bottles to Noisebridge and we will turn them into a big LED wall!"
* HACK THE LEFT this weekend 5-7 FEB https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Hacktheleft
* Steve: Upcoming talk series about deep learning. Prereqs: Linear algebra and calculus. Come talk to Steve.
* First district-wide Maker Faire for middle schools. J will bring a table to represent Noisebridge there. If you have kids and want them to see a kids' maker faire, April 17th at Presidio Sunday 1-4PM https://pms-sfusd-ca.schoolloop.com/SFSchoolMakerFaire
 * SOLARPUNK: Imagine a future. At Monument another hackerspace that doesn't know it is one, Feb 20 Saturday there will be a small unconference about the future of nerds in the future. If the future is a thing you want to be positive and not to have to wear black, come to that.
 * GOOD MEETING! GO TEAM!

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Membership at Noisebridge is a peculiar thing. Not something you hunt down and ask for but something conferred upon. Members want to improve Noisebridge. You begin the process by filling out a paper for 4 weeks we talk about you every meeting and after the 4 weeks we interview you, ask you to step out, consense on if you are becoming a member, and you come back and find out. By the time you come into the membership application, people should know about you and be able to vouch for you.
* 2 people applying for membership:
    * J: Helps answer and teach about things he knows about. Sponsored by Patrick and Torrie.
    * Chris Simms: I wish to further awesomeness at Noisebridge. I helped build metalshop and fixed the floppy drive on the ancient DOS box at the front table! Sponsored by Torrie and Alex.
    * You don't need to be a member: You can participate and come do things here.
* Philanthropy:  You get 24/7 access and can come become a philanthropist just by applying and having 1 signature.

= [[Philanthropists]]=
* '''Invite a knowledgeable member to describe''' [[Philanthropist/Pledge|Philantropy]], and the application process.
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Any applicants must have their sponsor present to vouch for them.
* If there are no objections, they're a philanthropist! Their pledge should be handed over to the [[Secretary]] posthaste, after which their token will be updated to give them the 24/7 access they've earned(?)

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $42K - $10K for Noisetor = $32K Noisemoney
* Slowly inching closer to being self-sustaining on donations, apply to be a member or philanthropist to help Noisebridge slowly run into money instead of out of it.
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials
* donate.noisebridge.net/projects/
* Issues with filing taxes for past years is being dealt with by Patrick by the CPA!

= Consensus and Discussion =


== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are consensed upon or someone has raised a principle objection for to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==
* Stolen stuff is still a problem and we should make it not a problem anymore. Everyone who comes into the front door, make sure to introduce them and get to know them. If they come in and steal stuff after you let them in, you shouldn't bring them here. If you don't feel comfortable having them here, ask them to leave or don't open the door. Ask for help if you are afraid to do that personally.
* Is safety with shop tools a problem? In 9 years(?) we have not had an injury. We are all responsible for keeping an eye on people who don't look like they know how to use tools. We have ocassional shop safety classes.
* Torrie: We will post a noisebridge safety class. If anyone wants to help teach the class, let us know.
* Can you become a member or philanthropist if you can't afford $80? Yes. You can talk to the Treasurer about that.

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

= End of Meeting =

# Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
# Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.
# Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.

== Note taker posts the notes ==
# Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions.
# Fill out the short summary at the top listing just announcements, consensus items, discussion topics, and names of new members and philanthropists.
# Copy paste the notes to the [http://www.noisebridge.net//Next_meeting next meeting] page. (They will become [[Last meeting]] at midnight.)
# Email the meeting summary to [mailto:noisebridge-discuss@lists.noisebridge.net?subject=MeetingNotes Noisebridge Discuss] and [mailto:noisebridge-announce@lists.noisebridge.net?subject=MeetingNotes Noisebridge Announce] lists.
# CC on the email treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members and philanthropists.
# Edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is proposed for consensus next week.
# Edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was reached consensus or failed to reach consensus this week.

== Fun things to do after ==
* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]