Meeting Notes 2010-06-15 
 The 114th Meeting of Noisebridge

== Crew ==
'''Get someone to grab the membership binder now. Get someone to take notes.'''

* Moderator: Al Sweigart
* Note-Taker: Ronald Miloh Alexander

== Agenda ==
=== stream of consciousness introduction ===
new people and old Amelia an architect Mike doing underwater robotoics Andy is here Sebastian the chemie eng Mario just found out about noisebridge Amy L.  is fairly new and leatherworking Jeff is back around Eric B. is leaving in two weeks anyone up to take over Cyborg Sun?  Jason is an esoterist and programmer DrSyz is starting friday  Hepheastus makes Juggaloes cry and Penisis Sai does a lot: conlang, ruby, naps, Frantishek is back from Central America, Mike is introducing the SEM which just needs people, Meyer is here working on newtonion solids and musical gloves, Tyler is here and interested in building stuff.  Ian is here with a background in embedded and stalking nb-discuss Coreyfro has your coroplastic bitches

===What is Consensus?===
Consensus process is introduced --  no consensus items are scheduled tonight

=== Announcements ===
Short Discussion on Dues:

Andy notes we are halfway through June and dues are, well, due.
Paypay, cash or check to board members, square, google checkout,

*Monthly costs
**Rent 3600
**PGE 300-50
**H20 50-100
**internets 100
**build out residuals (?)
**Accounting &amp; Legal fees (?)

it looks like in the long run, the monthly expenses are about 4-4.5k/month (amortize the annual fees to monthly rates for a better estimate)

=== Treasurer's Report ===
Funds in bank: &lt;$8997 this report is at least 1 week old
LESS than the $15,000 3-months amount that we want stored. Remind members to pay their dues.

=== Membership Binder ===
*Brian Klofas  date not heard
*Christina bonnington  6/8 
*Conrad twizzel  6/8 
*Ben pozner  6/1
*Gigi Rodia 6/1
*Hephestaus 5/25
*Quirk   5/14  4th reading -- member possible 
*Corey Maquire  aka Coreyfro  5/14  -- member possible  
*Dan Farina  5/18 here for lulz  

Huzzah!  The consensus is that Quirk and Corey Maquire become members of Noisebridge!  Huzzah

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

===== Weekly =====
{note: our weekly events were not explicitly covered during the 6/15 meeting}
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing) 
* Linux discussion group 6 PM to 8 PM (turing) 
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* [[Programming_for_Poets]] Gentle introduction to Processing; most Thursdays at 8 if !(5MoF) 
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing) 
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]   Five minutes of fame is happening this Thursday 6/17/2010 at Noisebridge

=== Project Updates ===

=== Consensus items ===
No consensus items were discussed.
=== Discussion Items ===
*Andy floats the YBCA art TechnoCRAFT show opening (curated by Yves Behar and managed by YBCA event manager Jesse Lindow) please get in touch if you can 
*Frantishek is looking for people interested in joining in biotech hacking 
and asks about 
*Jason Dusek brings up bulk membership pricing you don't need to have any rules for its just an incentive to pay ahead and get some 
MANY IDEAS ARE DISCUSSED &amp; DISCUSSIONING IS A PRECIOUS PART OF NOISEBRIDGE
*Sai brings up 5Moflail weenkend call for interest! Notify him if you are interested in speaking or attending to instantiate this second event! 
*Seth S. brings up the EFF has a [[HP DesignJet 650C]] to possibly donate.  Could it be rehabilited and used at Noisebridge?  CMYK Parallel Port
*5Minutes of Fame is this Thursday

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] No PGP signing as far as the eye could see tonight
* Membership binder carefully returned to its location by ubershrine
* I am copying these notes late night at Noisebridge
* I don't know if I will send these notes to the list.  perhaps. 
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it. ok ok i'll get to it
* Enjoying cocktails with fellow hacker and SEMbots.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]