Meeting Notes 2015-02-10 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 332th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:Kalessin | louis]]; Moderators: [[User:Tdfischer | Torrie]].

= Introductions =

Attendees:
    
* Torrie (crypto-anarchist by day, hacker except on Sundays);
* Casey;
* Az (software developer);
* Mitch (the cofounder, turning off TVs);
* Another dude, second day here;
* David (nice glasses, hacking on community garden nursery);
* Dan (programmer, neural hacking);
* Rafa (visiting SF, started to learn Python);
* Carl (old-timer, sofware developer);
* Az (working on time-bank with Carl);
* Patrick (software developer, got hooked on NB during reboot);
* Jay (been here for the reboot, tinkerer);
* Scott (musician came here to learn how to solder in 2010/2011);
* Samer (get paid to touch computers, emacs is """rad""");
* Didn't get the name, I think it's the dude who do the RFID access system also use emacs;
* Janett (homie, just heard about NB);
* Ryan (graphic designer, would love to learn how to hack stuff);
* Louis - Been coming to NB for ~2 years. Working on a project with LIFX things. Happy to see the reboot;
* Strange person Josh just showed up;
* Greg

= Short announcements and events =

== Events ==

;June 29 &amp; 30th, and the previous week-end:
event with american librarian association, 2000 librarians attending focusing on how hacker spaces can benefit to libraries talk to Mitch, April or Patrick.
;Feb 28th:
* SDR (Software Defined Radio) meet-up, Casey says it's awesome
* Project X: night event that involving bio-hackers but no mutants.
;Early March:
Patrick and other people are organizing a workshop to help journalists how to use crypto and privacy software.
;Thursday 19 Feb:
5 Minutes of Fame is coming back at 7PM!

== Announcements ==

Mitch also reminds us that we should start thinking about how we are going to renew our lease in Summer, we should expect a rent a bit above 4k.

Jay is working on a special table with fun electronic things in it, come on this Thursday around 7PM to participate, this is for the maker-fare too.

Az &amp; Carl are looking for developer to help on time-bank.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

One application in the binder who Dan knows, but should show up at the meeting to move forward.

= Financial Report =

* Funds in bank: $19196.92 + 2k in a savings account
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials
* runway: 2 months
* burn rate: 4.9k (so yeah not all this money is actually ours

= Consensus and Discussion =

* Nothing to be discussed this week.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

''(Add any items which are consensed upon or someone has raised a principle objection for to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

= End of Meeting =

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]