Meeting Notes 2011-11-08 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 186th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps|Danny]]

Moderator: [[User:flamsmark|Tom]]

=== Introduction and Names ===

* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."

* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.

Tom -- Fights for the user

Zephyrus -- like the wind

Carl -- he's alive

Marko -- he's new to a meeting.Visiting from  Toronto

Shannon -- subject to a MYSTERY INQUIRY READ ON

Leif -- he explained Noisebridge tonight

Liz -- made the photowall, have people with names they chose to identify themselves, come to her if you want your name up on the wall. I work for Blogher, and a writer and blogger, translator and poet.

Rachel H. -- she isn't at this meeting

Rubin -- he drops ALL THE THINGS

Jake -- is remote sensing as we speak

Aestetix -- he really hates tear gas

Kaya -- she's losing her throat

Jesse -- likes technology

Danny - I'm writing this sentence

Mct -- That's all

Leah -- I am taking a sabbatical and learning

Akien -- along for the ride

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

No announcements

=== New or Stale Events ===

Shannon talks about Noisetent -- we have two tents at #occupysf. You can sleep there! Unlike here! We are part of the communications area. We are currently working on putting up more internet for the occupation. Jake and Rubin are working on this right now (see timestamp for exact moment of hacking).

Zephyr and three other NBers are doing algorithmic trading. We've made $150. The initial investment was $0. 

DANNY REALLY LIKES THAT THESE TWO THINGS ARE RIGHT NEXT TO EACH OTHER IN THE NOTES

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: $21,231.08


=== Membership Binder ===

Zephyrus is up for membership. Hilarity ensues.

He is made a member by grand consensus.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ===

Danny says that there's an anthropologist group interested in studying Noisebridge. Danny suggested they come to a meeting and present their plans.

Shannon: two weeks ago tomorrow, October 26th, someone unnamed
and unknown logged into the Whitehouse forums and posted a
death-threat against the President over Tor. About an hour later
Shannon received a message from the Secret Service, and it went
to voicemail. Shannon called EFF as Torproject lawyer, and they
left a message for the secret service. In the mean time, a member
of the Secret Service visited Noisebridge looking for Shannon.
Our EFF lawyer contacted the Secret Service agent, and phone tag
ensued. Eventually, I got the opportunity to explain what Tor was
to the agent. The agent provided the IP address of the threat, which proved to be a Noisetor Tor node. We had a conference call with the EFF lawyer, who would be interested in coming to Noisebridge and having a discussion about best practices with regard to visits from law enforcement.

Kaya says she didn't buzz them up, but they walked in the door nonetheless. Everyone agrees that there other ways for people to come in. 

Ray asks do they have to announce themselves? People seems to think they do not.

Shannon says that usually people contact us through an abuse email.

Mct when we asked EFF at the time, EFF said don't disclose. Now
the case is resolved,

Kaya asks what the should be the procedure in the future. No-one knew.

Some law-enforcement-detection methods are suggested and analysed without lawyers in the room. People were pointed to [http://blog.noisebridge.net/2009/12/12/jennifer-granick-talks-about-hackerspaces-and-the-law/ Jennifer Granick's video]

Shannon adds that they probably worked out Shannon's name via the whois. 

Liz doesn't think this should make us more paranoid. Any time the
cops want to bust the space, there's not much we could do to
prevent it. This event doesn't make me add to my worries. I hope that nobody thinks we have to do anything drastic just because of this event.

Aestetix points to the [https://www.eff.org/wp/know-your-rights Know Your Rights] info at the EFF.

Jesse asks if they had a subpoena, is there any info that the Tor
people could provide. Mct says there's no information about the
person on the Tor node. Leif says that the Tor node knows about
the current connections, but that doesn't tell you anything about
who those people are. Nothing is logged to disk, just to memory.
What is in memory is unclear, but the most that could be there
would be info to the next node, which would not reveal anything
more than that.

Rubin says please give some money to the EFF, because they were
awesome. And also NoiseTor, so we can continue to get Feds on our
asses.

Shannon says just answering this question took 3-4 hours of laywyer time, which is $1000 or so.

Duncan asks if this was a repeated threat. Shannon says he
doesn't think so. Rubin says it wouldn't go through our node
repeatedly if they were using Tor. 

---

Rubin says we have mice. If you meet any mice, tell them they
can't sleep here.


=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]