Meeting Notes 2010-07-13 
 The 118th Meeting of Noisebridge

== Crew ==
'''Get someone to grab the membership binder now. Get someone to take notes.'''

* Moderator: Emp Rameen
* Note-Taker: Anders

== Agenda ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
SCREW THE AGENDA!

=== Announcements ===
I missed some but. . 
Friday the 30th dinner like you've never seen before
Weekly meeting linux study groups
Programming for poets
OpenEEG
Science and Engineering Huddle
I don't know WHEN any of these are but, someone said they exist.


=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: yeah right

=== Membership Binder ===

I can't spell but if you fill out a form and you say way you wanna join, you stay for 4 weeks and people sign your shit, and you pay your bills, you might become a member and get some shelf space. Oh, and you can block consensus. Someone got a check mark. 

Evan martin: Noisebridge is excelent. this is his 4th week and has 2 sponsors

Jajet je je rodia: Wants to participate. 7th week, has 2 sponsors

Daniel Forino: support the space financiall, cooking, friends, and the lols. 6th week. he got blocked. . .. coooooolld

Frantisha: this place is magical spot with people who created this spot and something about radiation. Wants to spread it around the world. 5 sponsors 4th week. 

Brian Clofer: loves hacking and needs a space to work. 1 sponsor. 5th week

Ben Hosner: Loves the place, yearning for a very long time. Thanks God for this place. No one knows him. 7th week

Mario objects that he's not listed. Highsly incensed

Mario:creatve people. 1st week

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

===== Weekly =====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing) 
* Linux discussion group 6 PM to 8 PM (turing) 
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* [[Programming_for_Poets]] Gentle introduction to Processing; most Thursdays at 8 if !(5MoF) 
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing) 
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM
* [[Science, Engineering &amp; Design Huddle]]

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]

=== Project Updates ===

=== Consensus items ===
* They can't find consensus items. . Someone thinks there might not be any, but this is objected to by the cook. And no one crosses the cook.

oh wait, they found them.

Transfer earmark donations from noisebridge to tastebridge. People sent donations to noisebridge because there was no paypal donation thingy for tastebridge yet. They want their monies to buy food stuffs I guess. They wanna make food, sounds tasty to me. There are  some questions about whether this is a one time thing or not. Looks like it's a one time thing. The total is $40. Parlimentry process is kinda happening. . Oh wait, they're no, wait, looks like an aution. Nope, passed, Tastebridge gets some mooola.


=== Discussion Items ===

* Suggestion: They want to finish kitchen. Not going to be a lot of work as it's mostly done but there is no more budget. One important thing. Moving the fab shop to the end of the room because there is ventilation. I'm all confused now, I'm facing a different way and they're talking about cafee's, left right, bathroom, I dunno. Supposed to be a plan. Scott and Seth know about it but the slackers didn't come tonight. Someone is saying this is silly because we don't know wtf is going on. Oh god, they're arranging a committee, like that's going to go anywhere. Something about three months of expenses. Sounds like noisebridge is losing money? Talk to Al. He accepts payments, but can't do anything but pass them on. WAIT!!! AL DON'T LEAVE!! SOMEONE HAS MONIES!!! TAKE THE MONIES!!

*They want a mop.. . WHERE THE HELL did that come from?  Apparently things are getting dirty. . mop is necessary. Looking for donations for a mop. 

*5 minutes of fame are coming, beware. I'm not sure wtf they're talking about. They're growing bacteria colonies. They're somehow going to do fundraising with party hats? Finally, they're telling us wtf 5 minutes of fame. It's about teaching people something in 5 minutes. Apparently it's  on the website. 

*Color florescent tubes. Europe has funky colored lights. There is no money so we can't be cool like the funky euros. 

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]

Meeting ends.

Wait, someone's a vandal and a theif who takes from stores. Someone doesn't want this person to bring stolen stuff to Noisebridge. She gives away everything she steals. Wants to know how everyone else feels. People thinks this should go into next week's discussion.

I am worshipped as the best note taker ever.