Meeting Notes 2014-09-09 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 325th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Kevin; Moderator: Monad.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''

= Attendance =
* Brett
* Jade
* Jean Jacques
* Monad
* Matt
* Alex
* Jen
* Kevin
* Scott

= Short announcements and events =
* Wow, look at the space! It's coming together. Down to finishing and putting stuff back to where it lives.
* XL Terrestrials Kino Cinema Hacking

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Daniel Lewis 4+ weeks, no sponsors
* 

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: We're good
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* BACH unconference October 10th and 11th at the Omni Collective space in Oakland, CA. Discuss interhackerspace issues.

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''
=== Reciprocal Bans With Sudo Room ===

&lt;br> Good to leave the policy open to interpretation
&lt;br> In the Security Working Group there was discussion of the greeters being conservative about letting people into the space
&lt;br> Keep interpersonal conflict out of Tuesday meetings
&lt;br> Conflict resolution should be unbiased
&lt;br> Improved filters via greeters are the front end to the Safe Space working group
&lt;br> Greeters should be making recommendations to ban
&lt;br> This is a skeleton meeting, are there enough people here to have consensus?
&lt;br> This item has been on the agenda for 4 weeks, concern holders have had opportunity to voice them
&lt;br> Open to further amendments if they arise, let's call this consensus for now

==== CONSENSED ====

= Discussion Notes =

== Electrical Report ==

&lt;br> The work is nearing completion
&lt;br> The four things left are
* Emergency lights
* The back steps in the Church room need exist signs if the steps are not floored in
&lt;br> The steps will be floored over very soon, may not need an exit sign
&lt;br> We have spoke with the landlords, and they are okay with the floor
* pantry and 100 gallon water heater
&lt;br> intended to support a shower
&lt;br> has potential to leak to the 2nd floor sewing shop
&lt;br> iphone branded water heaters fail just after their warrenty expires, other heaters may also leak too at some point
&lt;br> decommission the water heater? we don't have a permit for the heater. was here when we moved in.
&lt;br> install on demand water heaters? Neil can run the electrical if so.
&lt;br> do we need a drain for the water heater?
&lt;br> a smaller device uses less energy. we don't need to keep 100 gallons of water warm
&lt;br> what's the delay with the ondemand heater? not too bad.
&lt;br> Neil will check prices for ondemand electric heater for the kitchen and bathroom. We might have one around here too.
&lt;br> can we get along with one ondemand water heater?
&lt;br> Install a switch and lights in the pantry
* Bathroom, Neil will install an ondemand hand dryer in the bathroom. for Free!~

== LEDs? ==

&lt;br> LEDs will save ~3% on the electric bill vs fluorescents and cost more to install
&lt;br> fluorescents fuck people up, blinking, frequencies...
&lt;br> lets have some LEDs, fluorescents, incandescents

== Upcoming space hacks ==

&lt;br> RAYC will be hacking the electronics benches, installing more lights
&lt;br> RAYC putting a group together to hack the classrooms, wants to build smaller tables
&lt;br> a planning meeting has occured, RAYC will sync up with folks from the planning meeting
&lt;br> RAYC will coordinate with 3d printer people to get 3d printing stations back up and running
&lt;br> laser cutter -- ventilation? put it towards the back of the space near the window
&lt;br> need good ventilation for cutting PVC for instance. chlorine gas not so good
&lt;br> better education on how to use tools
&lt;br> keep in mind groups of people might want to use the laser cutter together. classes for instance
&lt;br> reopen discussion of moving the dirty shop to Church room
&lt;br> there are noise concerns with moving the shop closer to neighbors in the back.
&lt;br> how to handle noise concerns?
&lt;br> be respectful, cannot limit the shop hours

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.