Meeting Notes 2009-07-28 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: Miloh
* Notes: Al

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==
* Introduction and Names
* What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]].
* Treasurer's Report: $21,000 in the bank.
* Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process.
* New board member update: Shannon has been nominated to fill the board of directors position. Legal requirements for our non profit require us to give members 10 days notice before a vote is taken.


=== Project Updates ===
* [[Makerbot]]
* VA has donated machines to us to distribute. Oregon State has offered to take most of it to use for open source support. UCSF has a genetics research project for the remaining machines.
* IANA has assigned us a PEN (private enterprise number).
* Noisedoor speaks [[SNMP]] now
* Sensebridge: North Paw compass anklet kits are now available. Price is $95 on the ankle compass kits. See Eric Boyd.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''
* PyClass (Monday 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* [[Haskell/Haschool|Haschool]] has been canceled for the indeterminate future
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Fridays, 83c) come early for one-on-one
* Shop Class - Most Fridays @ 8pm, check out the [[Mat_fab|wiki page]] for details.
* Natural Language Corners
** [[German]] Thursdays 7PM 83c, beginners earlier, advanced come later.
** French Wednesday 
* [[Sensebridge]] Cyborg Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]] Sunday 3pm - 5pm
* [[DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge]] currently organized through web
* Go on Sunday 3pm
* Locks! Sunday 3pm

=== Membership Binder ===
'''Some folks can't stick around for an hour long debate on if we want to move in or not, this item has been pushed up in ranks.'''
* Reading Names: Michael W., James S.,  Jesse W., Michael P., Stephen D., Laura K.,Lamont L., Nim, Ben J., Ruport, Danny O., Stephen O., Ted P., Grant, Ted, Yohanne, Joey H., Rodney T., Bill O., Jeremy F., Justin R., Jesse Z., Bryce L., Molly B., Tracey J., Kaping Y., Andrew M., Ellie K., Ryan C., Jessica R., Martin B., Michael B.
* New member approvals: No new members.

== Consensus Items ==
None

== Discussion topics ==

=== Fundraising ===
* [[Club Mate]] on its way -- Anyone want to help pay for it?
* [[Fundraising Party]] -- Let's have one? (General chatter was that a subcommittee should be formed to discuss this, and that it should be held in the new (and larger) space.

=== Noisebridge sponsoring [http://www.lovetechsf.com/ LoveTech]? August 15th 2009 ===
* Moldover to give info

Asking us to sponsor the event because it is easier to get a liquor license if you are a non-profit organization. [http://www.abc.ca.gov/FORMS/ABC221-2009.pdf|Form ABC-221] would have to be signed by a Noisebridge rep, the property owner, and fire department.

This will be a consensus item for next week.

=== [[Moving/2169_Mission]] &amp; [[Moving/410_Clementina]] ===
* some numbers [[User:Adi|Andy]] and [[User:maltman23|Mitch]] worked out
* other potential spaces?

Estimate will be ready on Wednesday (which might be a flakey date). Between $4000 and $5000 (including new toliet, new sink, wall being moved, floor tiled, door installed. Does NOT include: electrical and painting of the drywall.)

There is no lip from the side walk to the elevators. The elevator does not have a functional call button. Being ADA compliant is questionable. Alex is looking into ADA compliance regulations.

2169 Mission has less rent but more build up cost.

For 2169 Mission we'd need to raise $14,000 dollars more than what we need now. $9,000 for Clementina. (These are estimates.) These numbers are on top of the $13,000 we have in pledges.

Possibly going to have a consensus item next week on this.

= Notes =
* Add links to every agenda item up.
* Volunteers to lead the next meeting?
* [[Media:July_28_2009_meeting_notes.doc|Details]] of the meeting &lt;br/>



[[Category:Meeting Notes]]