Meeting Notes 2013-08-13 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 278th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: FIXME YOUR NAME HERE; Moderator: FIXME THEIR NAME HERE.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''
 
= Short announcements and events =
* Dru will be coming back to Noisebridge and attending weekly meetings
* Funds raised at 8/10 party to be given to treasurer by James (verified by LinkReincarnate)
* Rob hacked mood lighting into the hack-a-tor-i-um

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* No One

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $23,789.07
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): $12,000.00

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''&lt;br>
Reimburse Monad ($63) for dump-run, and  reimburse James ($81) for kitchen supplies from Discount Builders.&lt;br>

&lt;br> Is there quorum? 4 members.
&lt;br> This has been discussed for 2 weeks prior
&lt;br> James will bring the receipts
&lt;br> There's precedent for reimbursing purchases (t-shirts)
&lt;br> James spent $$ on drip rack, Monad on trash run
&lt;br> $81 is a lot to spend on a drip rack, were there attempts to do this w/o spending money
&lt;br> James, we did this through the rebase meeting, this is the solution we came to'

&lt;br> Consense'd that Monad and James will be reimbursed

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''
* Johny Radio proposes: To change to meeting discussion process by giving the current speaker opportunity to make direct response to direct responses directed at themself at the discretion of the moderator by way of an agreed upon signal
&lt;br> Within the current discretion of the moderator
&lt;br> Should not have to be a consensus decision
&lt;br> Direct responses have empirically failed due to lack of understanding of direct response
&lt;br> Could use moderator training
&lt;br> Will be okay if only the speaker and not the whole room is directly responding
&lt;br> Other groups use hand signal (pointy fingers) to signify 'want to give direct response'
&lt;br> Could update the wiki with meaning of direct response
&lt;br> Direct response option ought to belong to the person on the stack

* Monad proposes: The cost of dump runs be automatically payed. A minimum of 2 members must approve and a total of 4 or more people must be involved.
&lt;br> Including runs to the dumps
&lt;br> Friendly amendment: Dump runs with more than 2 people involved with the cleanup, to protect against abuse
&lt;br> Receipt must be provided

= Discussion Notes =
* Dru's return
&lt;br> There has been no conflict resolution process.
&lt;br> What happened? Conflict resolution remains at a stand still. No one to represent concerns at a conflict resolution meeting.
&lt;br> Dru will come back to next week's meeting
&lt;br> Was mediation a condition for Dru's returning to Noisebridge? Yes, it was asked of Dru and he agreed to it.
&lt;br> Dru has no intention of not coming to Noisebridge until next Tuesday
&lt;br> Any mediators interested in helping, please do.
* VOIP Telephone
&lt;br> [[Telephony]] for documentation
* Proposed hacking event @ Noisebridge in Touring and/or Church (6hr on a Sunday)
&lt;br> Game jam; anybody is invited and all ideas are welcome; all developers appreciated to join
&lt;br> No money will be raised; for everybody's benefit
&lt;br> Tell us about your group? Graphic designers, C/C++ developers, been trying to get a game project together for a while
&lt;br> Great plan, put it on the schedule
* Sept. 2nd Occupy San Francisco
&lt;br> Anyone interested in helping out? Would like to power a blender with a bicycle generator to make hemp seed smoothies and hemp paper.
* Rebase authority, participation and meeting time
&lt;br> How to best schedule so that everyone can attend
&lt;br> Should be considerate of folks that are currently attending the Tuesday meeting
&lt;br> Very long discussion. Key points gleaned by notetaker: rebase is do-a-cratic, folks feel left out, whois ${HACKER}, alternate meeting time, two meetings

= Attendance =
* Jason Wiliams - wants to learn about radios build short wave radio
* Magenta Awara(sp?) - Anon
* Cynthia - help communication
* Norman - Stage manager and computer programmer
* James - User of Noisebridge
* Kevin - Brain monitoring devices
* Robin - Building big, beautiful, blinky-light structure to bring to burning man
* Max - campmate
* Tati - making dress
* Dru - making app for peacecorps in Tanzania
* Nick - wants to get telephone working
* Monad - Tinkers
* Kevin - Networking (cables and such)
* Raul - Coming back to computer world, inspired
* Alchemy - energy work at Shasta 'frequency is the timeline of synchronicity'
* Jay - researching, karaoke, pos apps
* Dan - programmer
* Damon
* Douglas
* Johny Radio - hacking
* Chris - restarting computer
* Chris - hacking
* Russ - Programmer; C, C++
* Kris - community
* Dana - LED Workshop coordinator, repairing vintage **** maker
* Laura - LEDs
* Charles - lights?
* Ricardo - computational biology
* Nick - programming, electronics, astrophysics, hacking on a rumba


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.