Meeting Notes 2008-07-15 
 [[Category:Meeting Notes]]

== Pre-Meeting ==

# Ben Henry on 150 Folsom
# Possible space on Valencia ([[User:Adi|adi]])
# Stickers!
# HOPE slideshow

== Meeting Notes ==

# Ben reported on Collab21's experience with 150 Folsom. 
## The landlord is flexible on amount of space and on price, really wants a creative organization. Ben will introduce us; Andy will set up a visit for middle of next week after people are back from HOPE. 
## Collab21 passed on it b/c not enough natural light, other concerns
## Space consists of 1600 sqft main room plus ~20x15 conference room and ~20x15 dedicated room.
## Landlord will need occasional use of main room and conference room, which will be noticed in advance. 
## Pro: flexible price, friendly landlord
## Con: involved landlord could be strange power dynamic
## Action: we will meet the landlord, start looking. 
# Andy reported that Ashwon Nevin(spelling?) is taking over a portion of the old New College complex on Valencia and looking to rent it out. 
## Price TBA, might be more than our budget
## Might be set up more as an incubator/coworking space instead of a space all its own. 
# We have stickers! Thanks, Andy! They are pink and pretty!
# Send slides to Mitch and Andy. 
## JPGs or PNGs is fine, don't worry about resolution
## Include 10 words as caption
## Slides can be anything cool which you do, don't worry too much if it's an "official noisebridge thing."