Meeting Notes 2009-09-22 
 = Crew =

Moderator: TBD

Note-Taker: TBD

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===
=== Treasurer's Report ===
=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning|Machine Learning ?Wednesdays?]] (8PM, 2169)
* [[Year 1 Open Hacker House]] - October 2nd, 6pm - 11pm - Showing off cool hacked up stuff from the first year.
* Security group - Thursdays 8PM except when 5MoF happens

=== Project Updates ===

* Moving is done!
* Electrical at 2169
* Internets at 2169

Scattered reports of intermittent problems with wireless access, mostly due to users tunneling traffic out for privacy reasons and not the APs.  status.noisebridge.net thinks that the DSL circuit is stable now, and what should be the last of the AP problems should be ironed out now.

* Access control at 2169

The maglocks have been delivered and we know how to hook them up, but a part needs to be fabricated to install them due to a defect in the door frame downstairs.  Talk to Shannon if you have a minute.  Maglocks are in the DJ booth.

RFID card order cancelled pending the maglock problem being solved, and as a side effect this buys time to get images printed on the RFID cards.  A limited number of key fob tokens are available now.

* SCADA at 2169

Need help unjacking the laptops we'll be using.  Contact Dr. Jesus.  

The crackhead tester machine is over on the shelf and can be installed downstairs as soon as the maglock controller is installed.

* The mountain of 83c at 2169

== Consensus items ==

===Noisebridge patches===
* A la [http://www.nimbyspace.org/products-page/nimbywear/nimby-10-patch/ NIMBY patches], Noisebridge should have patches.
* Buttons

== Discussion Items ==
* Can we shorten the membership binder reading?  Right now it's tedious and annoying because we have a huge number of people in there who aren't around and who we don't expect to be around.  I have some ideas for this. -nils

* Arse Elektronika workshop would like to reserve one of the small rooms on Sunday October 4 from 12 noon to 10PM (probably less).  We already OK'd Arse Elektronika workshops generally, this item is just about reserving one of the small rooms for it.

* pre-proposal for two dead-tree libraries, a la share and hack shelves: one dead-tree library contains books that have core information (e.g. TCP-IP illustrated, books on essential technologies...) and that we care for--read at noisebridge but do not take away, do not mark or otherwise alter; the other dead-tree library is "hackable"--take 'em home, bring 'em back or not, rip out pages, anything goes. the core library ought to be fairly small, most magazines and books should belong to the "hackable" library. i have two interests: one is i like being able to depend on information (and tools) being in place; the other is that i have a large set of books that i believe contains a few really useful books, and i've promised the people who gave them to me that i'd make a best effort to see that the valuable ones have a home for public access, and what better place than the noisebridge library. 
jim stockford ( jim@well.com ).

* Corporate sponsorship of events at Noisebridge -- do people have issues with this concept? (This would be events at Noisebridge that a company would sponsor.  Not an event that a company would like to host at Noisebridge).

* Board elections soon?

* Fundraiser at Cellspace  AND/OR  NoiseBridge Block Party!! w00t

[https://www.bigtent.com/groups/89blockparty The Big Rumble Party] - SF sponsoring block parties all over the city on Oct 17 -- application must be submitted by SEPTEMBER 23rd (tomorrow)

[http://piratecatradio.com Pirate Cat Radio] secured a grant, can't use it -- all we need to do is tell the city we're taking it over -- change the block specification -- get approval from neighbors -- show up at the public approval hearing first week of October.
--[[User:Nthmost|Nthmost]] 20:52, 22 September 2009 (PDT)

* Working Group members needed for Block Party (fundraising ideas, neighborhood approvals, local vendor deals...) -- Email Naomi: naomi at nthmost dot com

* Electronic waste recyclers --[[User:Rubin110|Rubin110]]

* [http://www.naturalhomecleaning.com/ Eco friendly cleaners] for 2169 --[[User:Rubin110|Rubin110]]

* Human Search Engine -- Jake

* SF0 Journey to the end of the night

== Membership Binder ==

= Notes =

Rubin: Welcome to Noisebridge, where every day is a noisebridge.

Yay for new space. And people who did stuff.

New people: ~3-5 Adam, Luke, Greg, Andy?? (liar)

One rule: Be excellent to each other. Gnarly. Yay the sign.


Mitch: We have $15k in bank. Good 'cause our expenses are ~$5k/mo, and
we want 3 months in bank at all times.

However, we have more expenses.... soooooo we don't really have 3
months. And a bunch of people haven't paid dues for Aug (... or Sept,
or all of 2009).

80% from dues, the rest from donations. If people don't pay dues, we
can't pay rent... so please pay dues.

Mitch doesn't know how many people who pledged money for the move paid
up yet. Will report next week.


Membership process: Hang out, get 2 people to sign, etc.

New ?rule: you have to jump through the portal on the door. (Or get
someone to say you did.)

Membership book will live by the shrine. Near the coyote skull.

Consensus process... blah blah usual stuff.


Wiki editing party Friday. "The wiki's fucked up! Fix it! Friday!"
(Or: "This is an opportunity to come together and make it cool
again.")

Circuit hacking Mondays: Mitch has kits that make neat stuff.
ML Sundays: moving to Sensebridge sort of model. AI, machine learning,
statistics.
Security group: meeting on Thursdays except when 5MoF. Capture the flag.
Erlang on Thursdays @ 8pm.
Next Thursday (Oct 1) @ 7-9pm - 1st meeting of Bay Area Categories &amp;
Types - functional programming meets math
Tuesdays @ 6 - Mandarin class (sorta?)
TBD - Breaking GSM, sniff cells, etc. 32 FPGAs donated from Hikari.
Talk to Andy.
Gravity's Rainbow reading club tomorrow @ 6:30pm. Talk to Quinn.
Cyborgs - Sundays @ 11am. Some guy with a magnetic implant for display
this Sunday.
ASL - Wednesdays @ 8pm. Talk without your voice.

1 year anniversary on 28th. Oct 2nd have all our cool stuff out so
people can see it instead of being in a big pile. Open house. 6 or 7
'till whenever. Circuit hacking, sensebridge, python on a projector,
photo lab, etc etc... invite people and show off how cool we are.
Rubin will bring shovels for the pile. Next Friday. Cool art things
being invited to show / play stuff.

Moving is done! (applause)

However: Need to be all the way out by the end of the month. It needs
to sorta resemble what it looked like when we moved in. Andy will be
back Friday and designate / embarrass people into doing it then if
necessary. Last time to see 83c. If you don't volunteer, Shannon will
drive around to your house and force you. To do: mopping, cleaning,
extract water filter, extract some "improvements". Maybe leaving
electrical improvements, depends on landlord walkthrough; Andy will
find out. May need to paint over the bare metal. Please volunteer,
this Saturday and/or Sunday. Or earlier.

SIGNUPS:
Friday: John
Saturday: Mike Josh Shannon Alex Eric
Sunday: Andy Alex

2169 Electrical issues: Subpanels done in a day or two. Power to
central subpanel, then going to other places once the place isn't
messed up enough to freak out PG&amp;E techs. Suggestion - divide up 2169
into regions, designate owners for regions, so people who care about
something make it happen. E.g. lights, receptacles, screwing pipes to
walls, push wires through pipes. Maybe a conduit bending workshop? If
you care about something, please own a region and make it happen.

2169 Internets: Being built organically? Intermittent problems w/
tunneling. DHCP circuit stable. AP problems should be ironed out soon.
Email ops@noisebridge.net to bitch. Ethernet is scattered around; if
you can't get on wireless, try that.

2169 access control: Stuff is here. If you want to install, talk to
Shannon. RFID order canceled pending maglock install. Key from old
space works for gates &amp; upstairs doors, but not glass doors. Glass
doors must stay open when people are in... effectively means they're
open 24/7 recently.

2169 touchpanels: Nils getting X windows drivers to work w/ 10 touch
panels. They can in theory control anything - lights, music, a/c,
Rubin's voice, access control, etc. Talk to Nils and/or Dr Jesus.

83c mountain @ 2169: Most of it has found homes in new space, esp.
electronics team, shop. Computer hardware moved to last classroom for
now. Lots of stuff still disorganized.

Lots of (notable) people didn't take stuff off their shelves. That
stuff is in the big pile o' stuff in the fire exit side of 2169.
You'll have to dig it out. May be turned into a robot if found by
someone else first.

NB will soon have shirt patches. Looks badass. Talk to Andy. He'll
report back next week for pricing. Ditto Steen for buttons.

Patch art needed; if you want to design it, talk to Shannon.

New stickers bought that don't say 83c. They're @ 2169 somewhere.
Bitching about fonts from Rubin.

Shirts also ready, just need to be delivered.

DISCUSSION

nils: Let's not read the whole membership binder.
suggestion: Wannabes have to raise their own names.
counter: Some people can't come.
recounter: Get sponsor to come. Or write your name on the agenda.
note: Useful to mention 'em 4 weeks in a row.
suggestion: Add tick mark to member page every time it's read. Stop
reading 'em at 4? 6? 8?
issues: Info needs to have authoritative, non harvestable source (ie
paper in binder). Maybe just ask people to confirm they're in the book
at meeting time?
de facto policy: Add tick mark when you read a member page. Person
reading the binder can skip pages that have more than 4. How many more
is up to them.


Rubin logs IRC. jsharp talks a lot.


Arse Electronica reserving one room on Sunday Oct 4. Jake's 2 (sic)
sentences: "Do you like fucking? Do you like robots? Why don't you
combine them?"


jim: Suggestion - Have 2 libraries: 1 small, valuable stuff; other
random shit (magazines etc)
?counter: Reconsider the 'hack shelf' concept. People had some garbage
that they had emotional connection to and couldn't throw out. Maybe
change policy so people don't just put their trash there.
alternate: Relabel the shelf 'trash'? Make it small?

Stella &amp; Steve are librarians.
suggestion: Regular bookburning meetings to prune the excess.

Some tentative agreement re. having a distinct reference vs lending
library. Report back from librarians next month.


Jeffrey: Corporate sponsorship of events? E.g. we get money, product,
etc; they get a banner.
counters: a few people sorta? totally? against it. Implicit
endorsement of the companies / brands by us as an organization = bad.
contrast: hosting Dorkbot, Arse Elektronica would be appropriate?
recounter: but they're cool...
rerecounter: take it case by case; generally agreed


Board elections soon. Shannon done kissing babies? About 15 members
need to respond to Rachel.

Need new Secretary and Treasurer.

Jake suggest we pressure Seth to be Secretary... doesn't think we need
to nominate per se. Mitch does anyway. Random people second it.

Andy: All board terms coming up. Not sure what terms are (1yr? 2 yr?)
Board needs to decide who Officers are. People interested should talk
to Board member.


Fundraiser @ Cellspace, Oct 9: they want signed contract; hearing a
lack of enthusiasm. Will cost us $1400... maybe we won't make money
anyway? We'll take rep burn if we cancel now, 'cause they've been
holding it. Blame it on consensus...

Ex-Piratecat Block party, Oct 17: done by SF city; grant gives
barricades &amp; security. Need to get permission from neighbors. Might be
hard to get on Mission - maybe instead, Cap between 17th &amp; 18th?
Possible funding opportunity, etc. Maybe outsource to vendors for a
kickback. Anyone interested, talk to Naomi.


rubin: Get a SJ group ("Bob") to come recycle a big bin o' electronics, monthly.

rubin: Yay Gina for helping w/ 83c. But she doesn't want to clean
2169, it's too big. Rubin's castle-living friends do eco-friendly
cleaning who might be willing. $200 per cleaning session, wall to wall
(Gina charged $250). naturalhomecleaning.com
alternate: hire people from the neighborhood?
alternate 2: (via Mitch) home green home
Rubin to do cost/benefit analysis between 'em. Roombas? (Can you get
wireless water to work?)
Jake: we should raise this in normal consensus process when hiring people


rubin: SF0 Journey to the end of the night - Game run by 3 guys on Oak
st, since '05. Open ended, open source, CC. Free. City-wide game of
tag. Last one was in Vienna. Really*4 fun. Next one on Halloween, SE
part of SF towards Mission / Castro. Looking for end location for
party. DC one drew 600 people in beginning, 250 at end. Should we be
the party endspot?
note: lots of very tired people show up w/ trophies, talk, go away and sleep
note: opportunity to get interesting people in the space and expose
ourselves (sic)
note: what's our legal maximum occupancy? ~100-200. Need to call fire
marshal... hypothetically.
note: it's Halloween. randoms might show up. OTOH, can block people
w/out orange armband and/or recognized as NB members/friends.
note: nice cacophanous stuff via dorkbot. good to support that. that's
why NB exists in the first place - that and drugs. (sic)


jake: Event every year, called "Hackers". They have thing called
"human search engine". Everyone is looking for something (e.g. someone
who understands machine learning?). Just ask for what you want, people
raise their hands. Suggest we do this at end of every meeting.
eg: Q: "I'm looking for someone who knows how the BART system works -
e.g. the magstripes, readers, etc etc." A: "My father worked on that."
"I'm his father!"


new memberships:  Alex aka Von Guard, Miah (pronounced "ma-ya" not "mee-a")

rubin nominates noiserat to become a member. Condolences to noiserat's
cousin, found dead under the cabinets...

HUMAN SEARCH ENGINE
jake: wants someone who groks AES crypto
josh: wants autotools wiz who knows how it works
steve: wants people who know how to organize libraries; building MAME cabinet
john: running linux on ARM processor, driving reasonable size display,
make small laptop size general computer
quinn: green gaspacho is new recipe; need more pepper? salt? tomatoes?
mike: someone to develop new type of multisensory computer interface
eric: using bluetooth stack on iphone
naomi: ?standing project - ephemerils.org - building pirate radio?
nate: anyone know about / want to build a absorption chiller -
chemical not physical process for refrigeration
[[Category:Meeting Notes]]