Meeting Notes 2011-04-12 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 156th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:hurtstotouchfire]]

Moderator: [[User:hurtstotouchfire]]
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership dues and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Announcements ===
* Mitch ordered 200 T-shirts from East Bay Screenprint -- they should arrive in a couple weeks at the NB PMB place on Market and Sanchez.

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $16,732.93

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month.
* Anyone up for join this week should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

===== Weekly =====
&lt;!----
The following events are listed with day of week, time the session starts, and location.
For locations at Noisebridge, see a map of the [[2169_map|2169]] location of Noisebridge.
--->
For locations at Noisebridge, see a map of the [[2169_map|2169]] location of Noisebridge.

* [[Cooking_Classes |Tastebridge cooking class]] - (Monday, ~5PM, NoiseKitchen)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (Monday, 7PM,  E Lab)
* [[iPhone OS developer weekly meetup]]  -- (Monday, 6PM, A. Church) Meetups are becoming increasingly well attended, interested Noisebridge folks are encouraged to sign up at http://meetup.com/iphonedevsf , as that is where any important announcements and discussions take place. Contact [[User:Nickthedude | Nickthedude]] with any questions. 
* [[Pyclass]] - Mondays (Monday, 6:30PM, A. Turing) Working On Django now. 
* [[django study group]] - Tuesdays 12:30 to 3 PM turing classroom (install, modify django)  
* [[linux study group]] - Tuesdays 3 to 6 PM turing classroom (sys adm skills) 
* [[Ruby_class]] (Tuesdays, 7.00pm, A. Church) - Covering databases for the next few weeks.
* [[Probability]] (Tuesdays, 7.30pm, A. Turing)
* [[Cultured_Drinks_Brewing_Program |Tastebridge culturing]] - (Wednesday, ~6PM, NoiseKitchen)
* [[Linux Discussion Group]] - Wednesdays, 6 to 8 PM, Turing classroom (talk, play with linux, meet up) 
* [[Unityversity |GameDevelopment]] - (Wednesday, 7PM, E Lab/Main Hall]]
* [[SCoW]] craft group - (Wednesday, 7PM, SCoW area)
* [[Machine_Learning]] - (Wednesday, 7:30PM, A. Church) 
* [[django study group]] - Fridays 12:30 to 3 PM turing classroom (install, modify django) 
* [[linux study group]] - Fridays 3 to 6 PM turing classroom (sys adm skills) 
* [[Spacebridge]] - (Sundays, Main Hall)
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - (Sunday afternoon, Main Hall)

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Second Saturdays]] are Noisebridge hackathon:
a casual monthly event
dedicated to working on the space or relevant projects and building
community.  This is a great time to get feedback or help on any projects
you have been considering that center around the space, culture, and
infrastructure of Noisebridge.  You can also help with existing projects
and find out ways to get involved.
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]] every third Thursday.
* Bay Area Hackers Association - (Second Sunday, 2PM)
* KDE camp Party:  KDE camp is being held at the Hotel Kabuki SF from April 3-4, and having a party at Noisebridge on the evening of Monday the 3rd of April. [[user:miloh|Miloh]] is coordinating between them and Noisebridge as sponsor.

=== Project Updates ===

(Anyone doing interesting projects is welcome to chip in here.)

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ===
*Should Mitch order more stickers?  If so, please let him know by email.
**We think he should.

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder by the Shrine.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]