Meeting Notes 2010-05-25 
 == Crew ==
'''Get someone to grab the membership binder now. Get someone to take notes.'''

* Moderator: Al Sweigart
* Note-Taker: R. Miloh Alexander

Attending:  15+

Officers:  5

== Agenda ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
* Anyone new to the meeting/space should stand up and say something cool.
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: We make stuff and so can you!
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you!

=== Announcements ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===
Funds in bank: $9709
**This is the amount left after paying June rent, a 650 water bill and other small payments. 
**Above 50 members 

Expecting ~$2250 in donations shortly.

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month.
* Anyone up for join this week should introduce them selves then leave the area in search of gifts for the rest of the group.
New Names are read in the binder:

Elizabeth Quirk G.
Corey M  Aka Corefro
Daniel F aka fdr
Ben R

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
The following items were introduced:
===== Weekly =====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]
* [[Lucid Lynx Installfest]] on Sunday, May 30th

=== Project Updates ===
The Lucid Lynx Installfest is incorporating a Flakers' Faire (a.k.a. Procrastinator Faire), to show projects which weren't finished in time for Maker Faire. All are welcome to exhibit. So far three entries have been proposed.
== Consensus items ==
There are no consensus items for the meeting this week, however discussion items will require consensus at the 6/1/10 meeting next week.
== Discussion Items ==
====Treasury discussion====
#Members and Donars can pay monthly membership dues and donate to the Treasurer and Board members with Noisebridge bank account cards:  Jeffrey Andy, Racheal, Mitch. 
#Paypal is a recommended payment method by members present 
#Communication about Noisebridge being entirely membership &amp; donation funded.
#Discussion about these points includes many ideas: contributions of support, financial suggestions, 
#Meredith will work on a sign stating clearly that Noisebridge is entirely community and member funded
#Jesse suggested fund raising drives
#Miloh made a suggestion to encourage people to pay a year in advance, discussed as a consensus item for next week and rejected
#Non funds related comment:  ToM Selleck is requesting a Shannon Lookalike contest
====Sticker purchase and Tshirt Purchases==== 
Mitch mentions Sticker and TShirt bulk purchases are coming up -- ~$600 for stickers and $??? for Tshirt
3k stickers for $600
Tshirts for $8 at cost,

*Miloh proposes obtaining more shelving as an incentive to new 

*FlakerFair: Jesse MacDonald announces the Flaker's fair in conjunction with the Lucid Lynx installfest,
**Sunday May 30th 2010
**unknown expected turnout, not publicized yet

====Donations====
#Meredith asks what to do with crap donations that keep showing up:
#Discussion covers what is and isn't a donation and where to donate goods. 
#Discussion about what to do with donated that folks receive receipt for versus items that are just left on the tables in the main hall.
#solutions to deal with excess donations
#*Auctions
#*Organizing location for Donations
#*Labelling of Donations
*Erin volunteers to spearhead the effort to organize donation processing

====Nana brings up the elevator====
*Elevator outside call buttons are not reliable. Miloh suggests we need to campaign with the landlord or the CA inspector
**Some method of communication between the door downstairs and the space is a good stopgap for the elevator problems:
***Direct Inward dial numbers to call the space (contact NotKev at Telephreaks.org for a free 415xEXTN number)
***Intercom solutions for the entryway (piggyback existing, wifi, wireless doorbell) 
**Al volunteers to look into the elevator issue

====SF Techshop Special Promotions for Noisebridge Members====
*Mitch discusses the new Techshop SF location offering a membership deal for Noisebridge members.   
#Mitch asks for '''consensus''' to email the members in good standing (direct email from the addresses given in the binder) about this deal. Mailing the list does not suffice, as members don't all follow Noisebridge-discuss or -announce, and not all list followers are members who can take advantage of the offer from SFtechship. 
#The consensus will be delivered next week.
&lt;br>
Grey brings up a reminder that there is a mailing list or side-discussion about getting a Laser cutter for Noisebridge.
&lt;br>&lt;br>
Shannon reminds everyone that AceMonsterToys is a new East Bay hacker space starting up, check mailing lists and the site acemonstertoys.org  for more information and to organize 
&lt;br>&lt;br>
Hackerspaces call in June 6 2010
&lt;br>&lt;br>
Meeting Discussion closes

== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder.  Note: this week, notices were sent to sponsors of potential members languishing in the back of the binder due to not attending membership meeting for induction.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]