Meeting Notes 2013-01-29 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!

These are the notes from the [[Category:Meeting_Notes The 251st Meeting of Noisebridge]]. Note-taker: [[User:flamsmark|Tom]]. Moderators: Joshua Berkowitz &amp; MCT.
 
= Short announcements and events =
* [[User:Reverend_Mik|Reverend Mik]] is holding a Workshop this Friday at 7: '''[[Anarchy_101|Anarchy 101]]'''.
* '''[https://cryptopartysf.org Cryptoparty II: Enciphered Boogaloo]''' is happening on March 23 at Langton Labs. Go sign up to [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dEdJaTI0OWJEbXAyR3JFLVhlNldvQXc6MQ learn] or [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dFVXTEU1WXdMVkhlMm9aWUY0RFNlSlE6MQ teach]!

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Ka-'''Ping''' Yee ([https://twitter.com/zestyping @zestyping] [http://zesty.ca zesty.ca]). Week 1. Sponsor: MCT.
* [[User:Reverend_Mik|Reverend Mik]] McAllister. Week 3. No sponsors.
* James "'''JC'''" Cooper. Week 3. Sponsor: Danny.

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: 13121.47
* We have paid rent and have no pending large expenses, but still: this number is too low. It should be larger.
* We need more folks to make [[Donate|recurring donations]]. Even as little as $5 a month make a huge difference.

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
* It is the consensus of Noisebridge that Danny send the [[DreamworksReply]] on Noisebridge's behalf.
* It is the consensus of Noisebridge that Ping is authorized to send FOIA requests on behalf of Noisebridge for records related to Noisebridge.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
* [[User:Flamsmark|Tom]] would like to propose that &lt;some people> send &lt;some> FOIA requests on Noisebridge's behalf.
** If you have suggestions about how this might work, please get in touch with Tom, either by email, or in person. We shall work out the exact details at next week's meeting!

= Discussion Notes =

== Scud &amp; Chrissie ==
* Scud is present, and apologies for his abuse of the space.
* It is agreed that the consensus item will remain open while [[User:Reverend_Mik|Reverend Mik]] mediate the concerns that Miloh, Rob Benson, and RAYC have with Scud &amp; Chrissie. The results of that moderation will be reported at a future meeting before we complete consensus on this item.

== Board Elections ==
We talked about [[Board/2013_Nominations|the nominations]]. The first part of the slate-locking is now complete, for consensus next week.

= Attendance =
* Joshua Berkowitz is from new york, likes hyperlinks &amp; python
* Felix likes Linux, Noisebridge, webdev
* Yan likes linux and Noisebridge and calculating machines
* Adam likes computers as he hopes they will be, and self-driving cars
* David likes software and flufflyware
* Leif is counter-anti-dis-intermediation [member]
* Melissa loves building computers
* [[User:Reverend_Mik|Reverend Mik]] like software that uses lots of random numbers
* Snail is here [member, president]
* Karl is visiting from Berlin likes node, and especially nodecopter
* Ken uses Mac OS, and his favorite software is Textedit
* Tom is the high priest of Consenso (all praise be upon hir)
* Michael
* Dan has been coming here a few months, and likes C
* Josh knows dumb ways to die
* Monad tinkers, and is applauded for his infrastructure development
* Micheal finally admits to being a techno-wanderer

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]