Meeting Notes 2011-03-22 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 152nd Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:wsargent]] (taking with Pulse pen, so audio notes also available if interested)

Moderator: [[User:turkshead]]
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: 
** Brandon - just moved here, taking Spanish
** Eric - I just hang out
** Milo - cleaned up yesterday, Maker Faire
** Mike - Tech Floater
** Ryan - works on distributed systems
** Rob - first time here, - Android meetups
** Jerrod - keeper of vending machine, Findlaw
** Will - writer of code
** Mike - hot chocolate
** Ack - world deprecation
** Cynthia - cleaning up the kitchen
** Johan - industrial design
** Jeff - Crashspace in LA / security background
** Paul - consultant
** Spencer - bike nerd and sewing
** Lorraine - bike nerd and sewing

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Announcements ===

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $17,820.69

''Can't make it tonight. Will try to add more financial details.'' --[[User:Hurtstotouchfire|Hurtstotouchfire]] 03:07, 23 March 2011 (UTC)

=== Membership Binder ===
* Marjul Christofferson - 2nd week, no signatures
* Daniel Dunbar - 3rd week, no signing
* Tod Roberts - 1st week, no signing.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
===== Weekly =====
For locations at Noisebridge, see a map of the [[2169_map|2169]] location of Noisebridge.

* [[Cooking_Classes |Tastebridge cooking class]] - (Monday, ~5PM, NoiseKitchen)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (Monday, 7PM,  E Lab)
* [[iPhone OS developer weekly meetup]]  -- (Monday, 6PM, A. Church) Meetups are becoming increasingly well attended, interested Noisebridge folks are encouraged to sign up at http://meetup.com/iphonedevsf , as that is where any important announcements and discussions take place. Contact [[User:Nickthedude | Nickthedude]] with any questions. 
* [[Pyclass]] - Mondays (Monday, 6:30PM, A. Turing) Working On Django now.
* [[Ruby_class]] (Tuesdays, 7.00pm, A. Church) - Covering databases for the next few weeks.
* [[Probability]] (Tuesdays, 7.30pm, A. Turing)
* [[Cultured_Drinks_Brewing_Program |Tastebridge culturing]] - (Wednesday, ~6PM, NoiseKitchen)
* [[Linux_System_Administration_Study_Group]] - (Wednesday, 6PM, A. Turing)
* [[Unityversity |GameDevelopment]] - (Wednesday, 7PM, E Lab/Main Hall]]
* [[SCoW]] craft group - (Wednesday, 7PM, SCoW area)
* [[Machine_Learning]] - (Wednesday, 7:30PM, A. Church)
* [[Spacebridge]] - (Sundays, Main Hall)
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - (Sunday afternoon, Main Hall)

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Second Saturdays]] are Noisebridge hackathon:
a casual monthly event
dedicated to working on the space or relevant projects and building
community.  This is a great time to get feedback or help on any projects
you have been considering that center around the space, culture, and
infrastructure of Noisebridge.  You can also help with existing projects
and find out ways to get involved.

* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]
* Bay Area Hackers Association - (Second Sunday, 2PM)

=== Project Updates ===

* Discussion about Spacebridge's last run, actions on Saturday.  
* Talk about Scheme meeting group.

=== Consensus items ===

* No consensus items outstanding.

=== Discussion Items ===

* Question about discussion items from last meeting -- Only discussion item from last meeting was to postpone banning discussion.
* Mike has a questiona about the touchscreens being broken.  Dr Jesus is working on it.
* Question about cleaning / member shelves -- some "expert help" needed to sort through the member shelves for junk.  Kelly would know more.

=== End of Meeting ===
* Meeting adjourninated.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]