Meeting Notes 2010-02-09 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Jonathan Moore

Note-Taker: Jason Dusek

== Announcements ==
* New ways to give Noisebridge money!  Google Checkout and [http://www.squareup.com Square] are now available to give us donations or pay dues.

=== Introduction and Names ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===
* If you made a donation in 2009 and want a receipt for tax purposes, send an email to treasurer@noisebridge.net with your full name, mailing address, the item or amount donated (and if money, the method), and the date of the donation.

Amount in bank: $15877.19
(We just received a $3.1k from Google)

Members in good standing: 66

Stats:
* 2 people were approved but never paid.
* 16 people are more than three months late in dues.
* 25 people are late in dues (ie, have not yet paid for January).
* Leaving just 41 people who are not late in dues (only 23 of whom have paid for February).


=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

=== Agenda Items ===

=== Membership binder ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* [[Project Euler]] now on Tuesdays at 7:00 p.m.
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots Go and Locks - Sundays 3PM

=====Non-weekly=====

* Noisebridge Hacker Prom

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====
* Media Center, woot wooh.
* Kitchen
* Makerbot

== Consensus items ==

== Notes ==

=== Preliminary Matters ===

Usual business of treasurer's report, what Noisebridge is about and how
consensus works is handled without incident.

Many new people. We read the membership binder in full and discuss different
approaches to new members.

=== Weekly and Non-Weekly Events ===

Ozzie raises a question: how do we handle noisy shop implements? There is a
fair amount of discussion on this point:

* Jonathan, Christie and many others suggest he just go ahead and use the shop.

* Jim mentions a project to build baffles.

Space bridge discusses their future launch, in March on the 21st.

Seth mentions two one time events:

* The EFF party.

* He suggests that Steve Jackson might come back on Friday to talk about games.

=== Project Updates ===

We talk about the kitchen and Crutcher mentions a project to make "really
dangerous" sugar cookies.

Jim discusses electrical work -- much progress has been made -- and books and
the library. Crutcher mentions that the sewing group needs more space and would
like to use space previously allocated for the library. Jim, Crutcher and Andy
discuss this for awhile and then Kelly suggests we move it to a sub-committee.
Jonathan struggles valiantly to make it stick.

=== Final Notes ===

Something about stakeholders, steak, hahaha.

Thank you all for coming to this episode of Noisebridge meeting, see you all same time, same place next week.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]