Meeting Notes 2012-11-06 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 241st Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:Flamsmark | Tom]]; Moderator: [[User:malaclyps | Danny]].
* '''We decided to renew our lease.'''
* John revoked his sponsorship of Drew because he has regularly seen Drew sleeping at the space.
 
= Short announcements and events =
* [https://cryptopartysf.org/ Cryptoparty SF] happening at the [https://wiki.mozilla.org/SF Mozilla SF office].
* Songbridge on Fridays at NB.
* Yesterday, Jake confronted Brandon and do-ocraticlaly removed him as is our custom, confiscating his key. See notes below.
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]] next Thursday 8pm, featuring: Bram Cohen, Alex Glowalski, Jonathan Moore, Odball Films.
* RAYC: has decided to set up a mentoring process to help us propagate our culture.

= [[ Binders Of Members ]] =
* Andrew (Drew) Byrne: week 3, sponsored by Danny.
* Thomas L J Harper: week 1, no sponsors.
* Collin Anderson: week 1, sponsored by [[User:SuperQ | Ben]], [[User:Ioerror | Jake]], [[User:malaclyps | Danny]].

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: &lt;treasurer unavailable>
* Noisetor balance:

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
* '''It is the consensus of Noisebridge that we renew our lease on the 2169 Mission space, increasing our rent from $3600 to $3960.'''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
* There are no new consensus proposals.

= Discussion Notes =

* Yesterday, Jake confronted Brandon (the one with the chihuahua, not Brandon Edens), and do-ocraticlaly removed him as is our custom, confiscating his key. Jake has seen Brandon engaged in active thieving behavior. Witnesses speak to the excellence of Jake's removal process, and their own concerns with Brandon. Many thank Jake for his excellent treatment of the situation, and courage to resolve this issue. Jake comments that he would rather not have to engage in this sort of removal in future.
* Thomas proposes a new organization scheme for the membership shelves. A wiki page and noisebridge-discuss posting will be forthcoming.

= Attendance =
* List of names and short summary. For bonus points, link wiki user pages.
* [[User:malaclyps | Danny]] is going to Ohio tomorrow
* Miss Danny likes to learn here
* RAYC recently revamped the sewing area. Wild success! Working on improvingoutdoor lighting for the periscope
* Thomas uses the space as an art studio, and wants to re-vamp the member shelves.
* Mike is a technowanderer, not a bus-boy, quartermaster or stock clerk. Reminds us to learn from the wiki, not by harassing others.
* Carl blather aimlessly.
* Andrew (Drew) is interested in providing resources for 3D modeling, and worked on the 32-in screen.
* John fabricates things lately, but is more of a neuro guy in general.
* [[User:flamsmark | Tom]] is out of town next week.
* [[user:leif | Leif]] values his privacy.
* [[User:lizzard | Liz]] has been organizing the wheelchair hacking group, and the feminist hackers. She is an ombudsman, and a quartermaster.
* Martin doesn't want to be left out.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]