Meeting Notes 2013-03-12 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 257th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[user:flamsmark|Tom]]; Moderator: [[user:malaclyps|Danny]].
 
= Short announcements and events =
* The '''green screen room''' is ready: right outside Turing; collapsible for your convenience.
* Our new '''vinyl cutter''' is in! See Casey to learn how to use it.
* Amber is bringing school-kids here April 2nd &amp; 3rd. Reply to her [[discuss]] [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2013-March/034792.html posting] or [[Burton High School visit|sign up]] to help out!
* Ryan is making a self-powered camera to stream footage off-site for an undisclosed (shadowy) sponsor. Contact him to help.
* '''[[Technoactivism_Mondays|Technoactivism Third Mondays]]''' -- run by [[User:yan|Yan]] -- next Monday, featuring [https://www.eff.org/about/staff/trevor-timm Trevor Timm] and [http://parkerhiggins.net Parker Higgins], the people behind [https://twitter.com/drones @drones].
* '''[[5mof|Five Minutes of Fame]]''' returns next Thursday at 8pm, featuring [http://leefelsenstein.com Lee Felsenstein].
* There are people setting up a '''[https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2013-March/034776.html fundraiser] for Noisebridge''' on March 30th. They need help setting up for, planning, and running the event; please get in touch.
* '''[http://hackthegallery.net Hack the Gallery] in Berkeley''' is transitioning to a hackerspace and community meetup space. Join us for a re-opening party on March 22 from 6-9 pm.
* There will be a '''Makermart popup''' at the end of April in downtown SF. Talk to [[user:Miloh|Miloh]]
* '''RepRap Wednesday''' is coming back to Noisebridge!  -- see the Fab [[lists|mailling list]] to find out more.
* '''[https://cryptopartysf.org Cryptoparty II: Enciphered Boogaloo]''' is happening on March 23 at Langton Labs. Do you know someone who needs to learn these skills? Have them [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dEdJaTI0OWJEbXAyR3JFLVhlNldvQXc6MQ sign up]! Have skills to share? There's a [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dFVXTEU1WXdMVkhlMm9aWUY0RFNlSlE6MQ form for that] too!
* [[user:leif|Leif]] is setting up some '''Hacker Stackers Napping Pods''' in the North-West corner. Get in touch to help out!
* Alex Peake, teaching kids programming tomorrow. Get in touch to help him out!

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* James "'''JC'''" Cooper. Week 4+. Sponsors: [[user:malaclyps|Danny]]; Justin "Linkreincarnate" Hubberd.
* Nick "'''heatxsink'''" Granado. Week 4. Sponsor: [[User:miloh|Miloh]].
* '''Joseph C Jackson'''. Week 3. No sponsors.
* '''Abram Clark'''. Week 2. Sponsors: Mek, [[User:miloh|Miloh]].
* It is our consensus that '''Kevin Schisser''' is a member. His sponsors include: Monad, [[user:snail|Snail]].

= Financial Report =
'''Funds in bank: $11,859.68'''
[[Image:Noisebridge Profit Loss Feb2013.png|right]]
Over the past year, our monthly income has been averaged $4,600, while our monthly expenses are estimated to be $6,550 going forward. Unless something changes soon, '''we will be bankrupt in August'''. The following is an approximate breakdown of our monthly expenses:

{| border="0"
! Typical amount
! Expense category
! Notes
|-
|$3,960.00
|Rent
|Up from $3600 last year
|-
|$789.08
|Tor Project
|Self-supporting but income is counted in our totals
|-
|$526.18
|Utilities
|Will add more info.
|-
|$235.35
|Accounting
|Mostly CPA fees for dealing with the state
|-
|$192.33
|Garbage &amp; Recycling
|Twice weekly pickup is more expensive
|-
|$189.29
|Printing
|T-shirts and stickers
|-
|$183.48
|Insurance
|An annual expense
|-
|$180.38
|Internet
|Monkeybrains and Sonic
|-
|$161.40
|Water
|SFPUC
|-
|$104.74
|Bank Fees
|Mostly paypal
|-
|$25.33
|Misc
|PO box, misc 2169 repair supplies
|}

= Consensus items =
* There were no [[ Consensus Items History | proposals from last week ]].

'''We have the following [[ Current Consensus Items | proposals for next week]]:'''

* Tom proposes that we recommend to the board that they select [[user:malaclyps|Danny]] to be Treasurer, [[user:flamsmark|Tom]] to be Secretary, and [[user:snail|Snail]] to be President for 2013.
* It is proposed that Shawn Landden ([http://imgur.com/vxaV6Ms photo]) is barred from Noisebridge. He is prohibited from entering the space or participating in the community. (Here is some [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2013-March/034833.html context].)
* Tom proposes that we reimburse Mitch up to $1000 to replenish our t-shirt supply.
&lt;blockquote>We are currently out, except for a handful of women's sizes.  It would be great to have a bunch before the fund-raiser party on the 30th.  I (Mitch) am happy to front the money if there are no objections -- to be paid back to me upon consensus (to ensure that we can have the T-shirts before the fund-raiser).  All of our T-shirts have previously been printed locally at East Bay Screenprint.  The last time we got T-shirts, we got 200 of them at $7.41 each (including shipping) -- total = $1,481.63.  If we buy 50 T-shirts, the cost is $8.74 each (indluding shipping) -- total = $437.00.  (I've never bought 100 before, but the price will be somewhere in between.) -- [[User:Maltman23|Mitch]].&lt;/blockquote>

= Discussion Notes =

== Shawn Landden ==
We had an extensive discussion of Shawn Landden's violent and unacceptable behavior. A written deposition was submitted, compiling a compendium of witness and survivor statements. Several at the meeting attested to this same violent and unacceptable behavior. We have initiated the consensus process to ban him.

= Attendance =
* SuperQ is the moderator.
* Snail is unofficial.
* Tom is taking notes.
* David is here!
* Garret is a junior architect
* Ursula hacks language! &lt;speaks German>
* Amber is a physics teacher. She's new here.
* Miloh is pleased to meet you!
* Philippe
* Rob
* Dan
* Casey is calibrating or fancy new vinyl cutter!
* Alex teaches game development on Mondays.
* Kevin is part of the post waste nexus (also Mondays).
* Andrew created Satan: the front-end is in Java, the back-end in JS.
* Johan has 7 regular expressions, and -- now -- 14 problems.
* Carlos -- gnusosa -- trolls on #noisebridge.
* Dan has addressable LEDs.
* Deobek is here for the first time.
* Will is new, came for 3d printing, and has pie for us (early for pi day).
* Liz is our self-appointed anarchist librarian, part of the feminist hacker hive, and the Mozilla bugmaster (yes, '''the''' Mozilla bugmaster).
* Ian is an introducer, and is planning a fundraiser.
* Kyle is an audio engineer, an activist, and a space transformer.
* Ryan is here to plan the fundraiser and is applying for membership.
* Joe has applied for membership. 
* Danny is eating the popcorn, and hacks internationally.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]