Meeting Notes 2012-09-11 
 = Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 233rd Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps]]

Moderator: [[User:Leif]]
 
== Introduction and Names ==

Leif -- working on a game https://gist.github.com/3694412

Francisco -- hacks food and fermentation, like to say thankyou

Dani -- scanning electron microscope, metal shop, 3D printers

Nick -- I'm doing math for fun and profit

Zephyr -- Joining nick in defeating the forces of nature with the scientific method.

Carlos -- I am working on the robotic operating system with Hal

Snail -- I'm hacking a burrito

Ari -- working on a maker dating site

ReverendMik -- worldbuilder and fiction writer 

Jonathan -- I use LED and photodiodes to read people's minds in low resolution

Danny -- I'm writing this sentence

Aaron -- learning and trying to absorb stuff

Miloh -- I am vaguely connected to mchck ARM Cortex https://github.com/corecode/mchck/wiki

Mike -- I'm a technowanderer

== Short Announcements ==

Ari, Karen, and Asheesh are running a Python intermediate class. We're looking
for teachers, MTAs. Talk to Ari this way if you're interested:
alacenski@gmail.com

Cryptoparties! Leif wants to say Parker Higgins is planning one in SF, Sudo Room is planning one!

Nick is writing a file server for Plan 9!

Type A machine are on sale now: http://typeamachines.com/

Anonymous says "The Canadian government is introducing MintChip, which they say is anonymous as cash. It relies on "tamper" "resistant" hardware. This will be HILARIOUS."

Mission Bargain Electronics Warehouse is selling USB 3.0 enclosures to benefit Noisebridge. http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/main?ie=UTF8&amp;asin=B0083C5UQQ&amp;isAmazonFulfilled=1&amp;isCBA=&amp;marketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&amp;seller=A2WCLG6XP4DUCM

There's a Raspberry Pi event on September 29: https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/RaspberryPiEvent -- order now, because they're shipping pretty quickly

== [[Membership Binder]] ==

The Anonymice are up for membership.

== Financial Report ==

* Funds in bank: We're probably in excess of $10K

* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary). Noisetor needs money! Donate money! http://noisetor.net/

== Consensus items ==
You may wish to '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to repeat '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on the consensus process]].

Miloh proposes $250 for sizes of T-shirts that we're missing.

=== Proposals from last week ===

''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

We talked Cryptoparties!

== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to it's rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker or robot.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]