Meeting Notes 2010-01-19 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Rachel

Note-Taker:  Ceren

Attendee Count: 

Officers: Rachel, Jeffrey, Shannon kinda

= Preflight Checklist =

Please set your cell phones to vibrate.

Go get the membership binder.

Set your seatbacks and tray tables to their full, upright positions.

Remove any personal items from your lap for the first and last hour of the meeting.

No wireless devices of any kind will be allowed for the duration of the meeting.

All passengers must submit to a full body pat-down, concentrating on the torso and thighs, prior to the meeting

All passenger luggage must be hand inspected at the gate, concentrating on liquids and powders.



== Announcements ==


=== Introduction and Names ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===
* If you made a donation in 2009 and want a receipt for tax purposes, send an email to treasurer@noisebridge.net with your full name, mailing address, the item or amount donated (and if money, the method), and the date of the donation.

Amount in bank: 

Accounts receivable: $X

=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

There is a consensus process.  Ask three people what they think the consensus process is and that's the consensus process.  This procedure is intended to get new members to talk to people so we can get to know one another.

=== Agenda Items ===

Transferring the Noiseridge.net domain and everything with it over to Noisebridge's control.

Currently our domain and subsequent hosting does not belong to Noisebridge but belongs to certain individuals, which means access is very limited. Several people over time have requested to have more access to the backend of the website in order to do things such as upgrade our wiki software or install a calendar plugin but their requests have fallen on deaf ears.

Proposal: Transfer ownership of Noisebridge.net, it's hosting and everything along with it to Noisebridge's control. This would promote more open access and collaboration to let the community decide what to do with the website and be more in lines of our values of openness and ownership.

=== Membership binder ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* [[Project Euler]] now on Tuesdays at 7:00 p.m.
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots Go and Locks - Sundays 3PM

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====

== Consensus items ==

== Notes ==

rachel leading, screams that it's starting all the way to the far end of the room. Everyone in space duly alerted.

noisebridge is... about 3000 (5000?) sq feet. this point was debated.

noisebridge is... an alcoholic. also contested. 

treasurer's report - about 15,300 in the bank. about 50 members are late in dues. assitance needed? rachel offers help in tracking people down and hitting them.

If you need receipts, contact treasurer@noisebridge.net. 

brief primer on consensus  - we talk about things until people are satisfied. enough. and you don't block (instead of talking) consensus unless you feel that it would make noisebridge a place you no longer want to be a part of

also it's a douchebag move to block if there's a discussed thing that gets sent to committee, you don't bother with being on the committee, and then you try to block afterwards. 

two people are past the 4 weeks waiting period, names read - they aren't here. 

Agenda item - transferring noisebridge domain and access to Noisebridge. 

is it a "hassle"? a hassle to transfer it? a hassle for people to get subdomains? backups, subdomains for what valid reasons - wait, who decides what's valid? ops list policies questioned. 

people told to come up with a plan to transfer control and content - because without it,  this resolution is kinda useless. kicked to committee. for lack of an owner of the agenda update, dusek volunteers to organize a meeting.

reminder that we do not belong on the roof unless you're looking for more leak water sources.  Also, please keep in mind your stuff here is unprotected from elements and other people.

project parts went missing off a shelf, boarduino missing, the parts and acrylic found in hack bins. Suggestion to encourage people to consider using bins on their shelves, ironic, amusing given that during this leak, plastic bins were the ones collecting ponds of water. 

Miloh brings up that trash REALLY needs to be brought out when it's trash day. especially when we are doing construction. Nils suggests bringing the phone reminders back.  Apparently trash nights are monday and thursday nights, and it's clear that that info is not well known, but people are perfectly willing to do it. Wiki search sucks. Is it even on the wiki? apparently it is on the wiki. Web redirects also suggested for people in the space on trash nights, haha.

A "if you are here frequently" notes page suggested, with trash info, how to lock up, turn off lights, cleaning info, names of rats. 


== Postflight Checklist ==

* Thank you all for coming to this episode of Noisebridge meeting, see you all same time, same place next week. 

* Copy new meeting notes for next week, update main page on wiki.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]