Meeting Notes 2011-04-19 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 157th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Seth

Moderator: Seth

=== Introduction and Names ===

=== Announcements ===

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: Kelly reports via e-mail:

"Our aggregate bank balance is $16,987.21 but we have not yet paid May
Rent or paid for any of the Maker Faire expenses we discussed (tshirts
and stickers [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Meeting_Notes_2011_03_29]).
This puts us at about the same point as we were at last month. We are
far enough ahead that we can afford things like bulk sticker and
tshirt orders, but about $4K short of our fantasy of keeping $15K
untouched in savings as a prudent reserve."

=== Membership Binder ===

Daniel Dunbar becomes a member.  Yay!

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge (non-weekly events) ===

====5mof====
Five Minutes of Fame is on Thursday.

====Snickers bars====
Next Tuesday (April 26) Tastebridge plans to make Snickers bars from
scratch according to a recipe from Instructables (http://www.instructables.com/id/Homemade-Snickers-Candy-Bar-Recipe/).

Q. Will we get in trouble with Mars?

A. ...

Q. Maybe we can make amaretto Snickers bars.

Q. Amaretto Snickers barsâ€½

A. Yeah!  With actual amaretto?

Q. When?

A. Maybe as soon as tomorrow or the week after. (??)

Q. There is also a Tastebridge event on April 26 for vegan food hacking.
If vegans come, and you're making Snickers bars then, can we also make
some vegan ones?

A. Maybe.  The vegans should research what ingredients they would need to
use and try to bring those.

====New groups forming====
- There is a group trying to start a 3D graphics event.  Possibly Blender
or possibly 3D graphics in general.

- On Sunday there will be a meetup to explore Scheme, at 2:00 p.m.
People can bring projects or questions.  One possible demonstration
topic is web development in Scheme (!).  The Schemers meeting is going
to occur on Sundays in general.

Q. Is that the same as Schematics?

A. No, there are actually two different Scheme groups.

Q. We have two different space programs and two different Scheme groups?

A. Yes.

Q. What's the difference between the two?

A. They have a different focus because possibly Schematics is more
CS-focused and the Schemers are more project-oriented.

=== Discussion Items ===

====Extra stuff====
- The extra stuff lying around the space ... at the open studios this
past weekend it seemed that artists might be able to use extra stuff,
e.g. there are artists who work with old computer components as raw
materials for artwork.  We have an enormous surplus of things, like on
the hack shelf, and so we could make it available to artists to work
with.

- Cool, let's give some stuff to artists.

====BayCon====
Q. Will Noisebridge accept the money from the charity auction at the
upcoming BayCon convention?

A. Yes, thanks BayCon!

- Do we want to have a table at BayCon?  May 27-30 (Friday through
Monday, which is Memorial Day); the weekend after Maker Faire.  At
the Hyatt Regency in Santa Clara.  We can have a table there if we
want; we just need to have people.  If so, we should have a person
who is BayCon's lead point of contact for this purpose.  Someone
should please volunteer for this soon if we want to accept BayCon's
tabling offer.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]