Meeting Notes 2013-11-12 
 = Summary =
These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 289th Meeting of Noisebridge].
*Note-taker: [[user:flamsmark|Tom]];
*Moderator: [[user:jarrod|Jarrod]].

 
= Short announcements and events =
* Folks are putting together a [https://github.com/wallacemax/sfhackerspace/blob/master/README.md new hackerspace in SF]. Join us on #sfhackerspace on Freenode.
* [mailto:alex@appfuel.me Alex Gudkov] has just signed a lease on a 3500 sq ft space at Mission &amp; 6th, perhaps for use hacking, or as a coop. Get in touch!


= [[ Membership ]] =

== Full Members ==
* Robin Noël; week 2; [[User:Thex|JC]], Monad.
* Kinnard Hockenhull; week 2; no sponsors.
* Raul Calderon; week 2; Monad, [[User:mischief|Nick]].
* Alex Pérez; week 2; no sponsors.
* Taylor Austin; week 4+; [[User:bfb|Kevin]], Monad.
* Alex Peake; week 3; no sponsors.
* [[User:Daravinne|Christina Olson]]; week 4+; [[User:Thex|JC]], [[user:Jake|Jake]].
* Mary Paniscus; week 4+; no sponsors.
* [[User:crw|Chris Whipple]]; week 2; Monad, [[User:Thex|JC]].
* Sam Tepper; week 2; [[User:Thex|JC]], [[User:bfb|Kevin]].

== Associate Members ==
* [[User:Jarrod|Jarrod]] is our first (and currently only) [[:Category:Associate Members|associate member]].


= Financial Report =
* No Report was provided.


= Consensus Items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

* We discussed [[User:Thex|JC]]'s proposal to secure the space. We agreed the following: 
&lt;blockquote>It should be possible to secure Noisebridge when not in use. Noisebridge should be secured when not in use. All Noisebridge Members and Associate Members should have access to Noisebridge.&lt;/blockquote>
We decided to form a cabal to work on the details, and actually build this. We noted that we haven't decided to spend money on this, just agreed on the principle.

* We discussed [[User:flamsmark|Tom]]'s proposal to make the list of members public. We agreed the following:
&lt;blockquote>It shall not a secret whether a person is a Member of Noisebridge. It shall be the responsibility of each member to identify themself as a member by adding the [[:Category:Members]] to their wiki user page. Until a Member so identifies, they shall not be entitled to any privilege of Noisebridge Membership. Likewise, if a member is on [[Membership/Hiatus]], they must indicate this by adding the [[:Category:Hiatus]] to their wiki user page; this method of so identifying shall replace any other notification requirement for going on and coming off hiatus. Although it shall generally be a responsibility shared by all members to ensure that this category of identification is used correctly, in cases where its use is disputed, Noisebridge's secretary shall be the final arbiter.&lt;/blockquote>


== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
* As a result of our prior conversation, we collectively propose: If a member has not identified themself as such by adding the [[:Category:Members]] to their wiki user page by $DATE, they shall no longer be a member of Noisebridge.
* [[User:flamsmark|Tom]] proposes that: If a paper membership application has been in the binder for more than twelve weeks, that application should be discarded. If that person still wants to become a member, they must start the application process over from scratch.

= Discussion Notes =
* We had a lovely and constructive conversation about how we should most effectively introduce folks to the space and make Noisebridge a safe and inclusive place to work.


= Attendance =
* [[User:Jarrod|Jarrod]] (moderating, [[:Category:Associate Members|associate]])
* [[User:flamsmark|Tom]] (notes, [[:Category:Members|member]])
* Amin
* [[User:Thex|JC]] ([[:Category:Members|member]])
* Robert
* Martin
* Alex
* Jade
* [[User:bfb|Kevin]] ([[:Category:Members|member]])
* Dan
* Monad ([[:Category:Members|member]])
* Robin


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]