Meeting Notes 2016-07-19 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The XXXth Meeting of Noisebridge]. Date: 2016-07-19 Note-taker: Ben W-R; Moderators: Ruth
* General discussion of Noisebridge policies and membership rules for new members
* Discussion of laser pointer class

== Meeting Summary ==
* Announcements:
* Finances:
* New members:
* New philanthropists:
    * Adrian
    * Ruth
* Consensus Items:
* Discussion Items:
    * Class on laser cutter

= Introductions =

* Ruth, software engineer at Pinterest
* Ryan, Noisebridge veteran, planning to maintain the laser cutter
* Scotty, software engineer working on more hardware, maintains hack shelves and LED infra
* Mary Jane, Came from labor fest event, looking for roommate
* Darryl, AI programmer, builds funny mechanical objects
* Ben, programmer, new to the space
* Adrian, electrical engineering student, maintains electronics and 3d printers
* David, mechanical engineer who works in operations, new to the space
* Frank, also a noisebridge veteran

= Safe Space =

Info from Scotty:
* If someone's doing something that makes you feel uncomfortable you can reach out to anyone you trust in the community (particularly core people)
* Many channels, including Slack and the safe space working group, which meets as needed

Info from David and Scotty:
* Radical inclusiveness means going out of your way to include people and reach out to them if they're not being included
* We don't exclude people based on gender, income, sexual orientation, *

* There is an antiharassment policy, which is on the wiki and the walls

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* A member is a person who commits to maintaining and making noisebridge better
* By becoming a member you gain the ability to block a consensus item, and to add other members and philanthropists
* Encouraged to have a wiki page
* Membership is not required

* In order to become a member you fill out a form, and acquire two members as sponsors, and then show up to four consecutive meetings to demonstrate that you want to become a member
* At the fourth meeting, the members discuss and vote on whether you can become a member
* As with most things, membership can be blocked by any one member, but this is rare and has historically come with a recommendation to wait for a while to fix problems
* Members must pay a membership fee
* Members (and philanthropists) have 24 hour acces and must be able and willing to give tours
* There must always be a member or philanthropist in order for the space to be open

= [[Philanthropists]] =

* Philanthropists are like members but don't get to block consensus

* Adrian's philanthropist form is sponsored by Scotty

* Ruth's philathropist form is sponsored by Trent



= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $??? not enough, please donate
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

= Consensus and Discussion =

* '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]
* It is important that everyone in attendance understands at least:
** Blocking with verbalized principled objections.
** Why we use consensus over other approaches to decision making.
** How consensus isn't a legislative process
** Why consensus isn't applicable to some things like conflict resolution, resolution of time sinks, and the like.

* Consensus is our form of deciding what Noisebridge wants to do as a hackerspaceship
* It's only really used for things that really affect noisebridge (like putting in sparkleforge, or taking out a wall, or something that will cost money) (i.e. when necessary)
* Everything else is done as a do-ocracy (assuming it's not really big, and doesn't harm or massively change noisebridge)
* Propose a consensus item at a meeting, then wait a week for the next meeting and talk to people about it
* When consensus occurs, if someone blocks, you can discuss it with them and bring up the consensus item at the next meeting
* Anybody can bring up a consensus item and participate in the discussion, but only members can block
* At least three members must accede to a consensus item ("a quorum")
* Gaming the consensus process is not particularly well-regarded
* The canteloupe being considered for membership did not receive it


== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are consensed upon or someone has raised a principle objection for to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

* Ryan: When people are trained on the laser cutter we should start a class
** Currently writing a rubric

* Ruth: At NYC resistor there was a required $75 class to use the laser cutter
** Ryan: The class under consideration would not be on certification but on techniques such as inlaying glass and etching edible items
** The students' would choose the focus of the class

* Frank: Safety equipment and safety person training as a separate class
** Ryan: It would be a three-hour class, with 30 minutes devoted to basics while other students would work on projects
** 1 to 1.5-hour tutorial on technique
** Last hour spent on helping students with projects if they're not certified
** Each person would get only about 10 minutes of cutting time, for equity

* Ruth: NYCR charged laser cutter time per minute
** Ryan: Noisebridge may not want to do pay-to-use, since no other tools are,
** Adrian: But we are going to charge a "recommended donation?"
** Scotty: We'll charge several dollars per hour in order to maintain the laser tube
** People will provide their own materials or we could have material that they could use

* Locked containers for materials
** Ruth: This sounds like there are some details that need to be worked out before beginning the class
** Yes, this is possibly a project that will start in a while

* Darryl: Some kind of key for the laser cutter?
** Scotty: There may be an RFID system, similar to the door, in the works

== Note taker posts the notes ==


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]