Meeting Notes 2009-12-29 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Jason Dusek

Note-Taker: Dr. Jesus 

Attendee Count: 9

Officers: 1

= Preflight Checklist =

Please set your cell phones to vibrate.

Go get the membership binder.

Set your seatbacks and tray tables to their full, upright positions.

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==

Change "Board of Directors" to "Noisebridge High Council" and "Executive Director" to "Fearless Leader"

=== Introduction and Names ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===

About $15.5k in the bank, some people need to pay their dues.

=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

There is a consensus process.

=== Membership binder ===
* Approve Sai as a member

Ani isn't a member, but will read the membership binder anyway and mark one tick on the new applications with her potato peeler.

Kelly blocked Sai's membership because she felt that voting him in while many people who have expressed a problem with him are overseas isn't right.  After further discussion, no one seems to disagree with the idea that the people who have had a problem with him in the past need to stop leaving him in membership limbo and talk to one of the people who have offered to negotiate on his behalf, such as [[User:Rachel|rachel]] or [[User:ieatlint|ieatlint]].

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* Project Euler now on Tuesdays at 7:00 p.m.
* SCoW craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* Sensebridge and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish)

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====
* Electrical
* Library
* Kitchen
* Network
* Heat
Saran wrappy things got put up on the skylights to help keep the heat in.
* EE lab
Kelly and Orion cleaned it up and it's all awesome and organized now, just in time for giant robot season.

====Noisecloud====
* Need admins.

== Consensus items ==

== Postflight Checklist ==

* Thank you all for coming to this episode of Noisebridge meeting, see you all same time, same place next week.  Will Sai become a member?  Tune in next time, for Noisebridge meeting!

* Copy new meeting notes for next week, update main page on wiki.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]