Meeting Notes 2016-04-12 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The XXXth Meeting of Noisebridge]. Date: April 12 2016 Note-taker: Trent Alex; Moderators: Alex
* Laser needs $3400 more, Ludum Dare game jam Fri 6PM-all weekend, Python class starts Apr 12,  Rinat wants to interview NBers about your projects for a video, Mark &amp; Chris are philanthropists

== Meeting Summary ==
FIXME FILL OUT AT END OF MEETING AND SEND TO MAILING LIST
TLDR what happened at the meeting:
* Announcements:
* Finances:
* New members:
* New philanthropists:
* Consensus Items: 
* Discussion Items: 

= Introductions =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>

Roger: Noisebridge is a hackerspace, a 501c3, it is awesome. Is there anything else I am missing? Be excellent to each other!
Mark: A space for being creative!


* Introduce any experimental or unusual moderation techniques that may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):
** What's your name
** What do you do
** What do you maintain at Noisebridge?
** if you are new: how did you hear about Noisebridge?
* Chris: Do game development stuff.
* Matt: Work at startup in mission. Here a year or so.
* Roger: Breaking JS IRC bouncer app right now.
* Rinat: At NB for 2 weeks now. Journalist from Kyrgyzstan.
* Mark: I do video game stuff for about a year. Unity class on Tuesdays and Gaming Archivists this Friday we'll do modding.
* Victoria: I came tonight to get info on how the place runs.
* Ryan: Coming here for long time, maker for much longer, love coming and learning and doing Gamebridge classes. Finding out about projects like Flaschentaschen and Sparkleforge.
* Jeslin: Student, been here for this semester taking Unity clases.
* Danny: I'm programmer working on embedded processors and electronics hobbyist.
* Andreas: Drone boat project. Working on the 3D printers up and running.
* Trent: Working web dev and python dev independently, teaching Python class Mondays 7-9PM. Coming around for a couple years.
* Alex: I teach game development Tuesdays after meetings.
* Jarvis: Come for Unity class and to work on personal projects mainly for Android.
* Scotty: Spent past 6 months in China, sourced LEDs for Flaschentaschen, brought reels I brought back installing on the book shelves and super jetlagged!



= Short announcements and events =
* Mark: Come Friday 6PM to kick off your game project in Ludum Dare a tri-annual game jam is THIS WEEKEND! 15-18th, come to Noisebridge and make a game with us. All weekend at Noisebridge there iwll be food and snacks.
* Ryan: Mythbusters ended its crew recently but they are now looking to start a new series and the first part is "Search for the next Mythbuster". They will take 15 candidates from around the US and put them through Mythbusting trials over the summer. Anyone can apply as long as they have US citizenship, over 21 years of age, and in bay area summer 2016. Most of us are eligible. Go to the Search for the Next Mythbusters web site and talk about yourself and stuff you do and test a myth. I am applying and many people here could be applicants.
* Rinat: We are making a series about experiences in San Francisco, with a part about Noisebridge. There are not many videos on the Internet in other languages about Noisebridge. Should we have a video produced to promote Noisebridge?
* Trent: Noisebridge Python Class session starts next Monday at 7. Learn JSON types and how to map them to Python. Moves into early intermediate python. Moving into using Flask framework by end of 6 week course. If you're not sure if you know enough, that's okay to come and give it a shot. You can sign up on the Meetup site! http://www.meetup.com/noisebridge/
* Wednesday, April 13, 20:00: Dr David Noelle's talk at Dream Team meeting, Dr David Noelle is a faculty of Cognitive Science and Information in UC Merced. He will join us to talk about modeling "pointers" in the prefrontal cortex. 



= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Members get 24 hour access and since we have some awesome workshops we would like to work here more often.
* Be able to introduce more people to Noisebridge as a sponsor for new Philanthropists.
* Doocratic participation 
* Helping participate in the fundraising and grants process for Noisebridge.
* Not like membership in a gym. The one and only real thing of membership is to have a voice in the consensus process which is to say that you can truly stop a consensus item that you're not comfortable with yet from moving forward without further discussion. You have ability to slow things down to consider things fully.
* You don't need to be a member to say your piece, but members have the power to block and stop it.
* You can become a philanthropist if consensus blocking isn't as important to you but you want 24 hour access.

* People up for membership this week are not present.
* Andreas is up for philanthropist.
* Andreas: I do DIY stuff all my life. I am working on this drone boat project that is an open source drone. It lets people who aren't technically savvy to make drones that could explore the ocean and monitor environmental changes. I also work on 3D printing and I want to hlep with the new Sparkleforge lab more as it gets set up more. I hope to make drone sail boats eventually that have more range without battery uses.
* APPROVED: Andreas Polit is a philanthropist!
* Matt is up for philanthropist. I work at a startup called NAmaku in the bay. I'm teaching myself programming and electronics. Coming to Noisebridge for about a year. I want to contribute on a monthly basis and have access to a token.
* Matt is APPROVED as a philanthropist.

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to describe''' [[membership]], and the application process.
&lt;blockquote>Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community and space better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Mark down a check or other indicator on every open application to keep track of how many weeks they've been read out.
* Anyone eligible to join this week should
** introduce themselves,
** answer any questions members may have for them, then
** leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime, or cookies) for the rest of the group.
* The rest of the meeting should reach consensus on whether they may join.
* Remember to applaud new members when they return.


= [[Philanthropists]]=
* '''Invite a knowledgeable member to describe''' [[Philanthropist/Pledge|Philantropy]], and the application process.
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Any applicants must have their sponsor present to vouch for them.
* If there are no objections, they're a philanthropist! Their pledge should be handed over to the [[Secretary]] posthaste, after which their token will be updated to give them the 24/7 access they've earned(?)

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: Noisebridge has $40k in the Bank. Rent for April and Noisetor's $4.8k debt.
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials

= Consensus and Discussion =

* '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]
* It is important that everyone in attendance understands at least:
** Blocking with verbalized principled objections.
** Why we use consensus over other approaches to decision making.
** How consensus isn't a legislative process
** Why consensus isn't applicable to some things like conflict resolution, resolution of time sinks, and the like.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

No new concensus items.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

No current concensus items.

== Discussion Items ==

* Ask a question about Arduinos
* I used to be involved in Arduino meetup and thinking of reviving it.
* Trent: There is a circuit hacking project for Arduinos being used during circuit hacking mondays at 8-10PM.
* Alex: If you wanted to have an arduino focused group you could talk to the people who do circuit hacking and make an arduino specific area happen.
* Victoria: How about raspberry pis?
* Alex: There is such a group but it needs more people, so definitely!
* 
* Making videos for Noisebridge, perhaps in other languages:
* Kyrgyzstan Republic journalists group. Does Noisebridge need promotional videos?
* Trent: Yeah, Noisebridge benefits from promotion the more that hear about NB the better.
* Rinat: Video would help!
* Chris: I would say that I'm in favor of making videos. Logistically it could be planned out in advance. Some people prefer not to be filmed so keep that in mind.
* Rinat: We would get permission before filming anyone. What we propose is that we are making a video about Noisebridge for Kyrgyzstan anyway and we would like to make videos to promote Noisebridge.
* Ryan: I would definitely love to help as I'm taking film classes. I would like to show stuff and talk about bay area maker movement.
* Alex: One project that would lend itself to videoing is the flaschen-taschen project. It would make a good story, especially because we will be demo'ing it at maker faire.  It would be a good promotion before maker faire.
Rinat: That sounds like a great idea, lets plan it.

* FUNDRAISING PROJECTS
* ProjectAmountLockers $20.00
* Laser $2,254.00 (WE NEED $3700 more still to get the giant laser worth over $12,000 donated to us but we need to pay import tariff)
* Sewing $230.00 out of $500 we need $270 Kyle paid for it out of pocket
* Electronics Art Supplies $10.00 to help decorate Noisebridge and have a supply of stuff to do LEDs with
* https://donate.noisebridge.net/projects

= End of Meeting =

# Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
# Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.
# Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.

== Note taker posts the notes ==
# Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions.
# Fill out the short summary at the top listing just announcements, consensus items, discussion topics, and names of new members and philanthropists.
# Copy paste the notes to the [http://www.noisebridge.net//Next_meeting next meeting] page. (They will become [[Last meeting]] at midnight.)
# Email the meeting summary to [mailto:noisebridge-discuss@lists.noisebridge.net?subject=MeetingNotes Noisebridge Discuss] and [mailto:noisebridge-announce@lists.noisebridge.net?subject=MeetingNotes Noisebridge Announce] lists.
# CC on the email treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members and philanthropists.
# Edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is proposed for consensus next week.
# Edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was reached consensus or failed to reach consensus this week.

== Fun things to do after ==
* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]