Meeting Notes 2016-04-19 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 404th Meeting Not Found of Noisebridge]. Date: April 19 Note-taker: Alex; Moderators: Milo.
* Flasch coding Friday 7:30PM, QHEX.ORG upgrading book scanner, June 16 http://haywardtechies.club/ party, SFPD tazer debate every Wed at 5:30 City Hall Room 400

= Introductions =
* Miloh: Hacking flashcnetaschen, needs to work on fixing the old original bathroom sink, fixing the component photograph system, fixing digital fabrication area, make our fab capabilities suck less, tie it all together and put it on the Net!
* Alex: I like to take notes which makes me talka a little slower if you want to help me take notes go to pad.riseup.net/p/nbmeeting and take notes while I talk so I won't talk like a robot. Also I teach game development tonight after the meeting.
* Jarivs: Working with Unity and do 3D art, optimizing Unity 3D project to work on a mobile.
* Chris: Coming here about a year and a half now. I do game dev stuff as well and I used to do Unity and am transitioning to Unreal 4.
* I'm Yuichi: I came from Japan, working in San Francisco as a software developer. 
* Jezlin: Been here a couple weeks now, a student hanging around here!
* Scotty: I spent past 6 months in China, back and brought a bunch of LEDs with me, been hacking on metal table past 2 days.
* Andreas: Been working 3D printer still. Boat Code.
* Milo: A 3D printed still? Great!
* Steve: I live in SF and Austin at a hedge fund on comp finance and financial development. Study quantum gravitation and fluid dynamics. Working few years on virtual user interface for info org like One Note 3D. Learning deep learning, know some basic learning.
* Carl: I'm Carl.
* Howard: Second week here, both students from Fremont. Working on LED sign. Trying not to confuse people with bus departure times. 
* Zakaria: My second week, came with Howard, I want to label all the books and make it more efficient with labels.
* Lee: Messing with microphones and sound processing and digital synthesis and some analog synth cause that's fun too. Current project goal: Live ambient sounds to flaschen taschen's visual display. Need help with sound viz because that's not area of my expertise.


* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>


= Short announcements and events =
* Flaschentaschen coding session on Friday evening 7:30PM with Jarrod and friends! Come to do hardware and software and see your magic run on the big giant screen.
* Q: Does Flasch have a channel or list?
* A: We use Fabrication channel and NB Discuss to discuss it so people hear about it.
* Danny Q aka QHEX.ORG is assembling a new book version of their scanner that actually turns pages!
* Carl: On Thursday June 16 the Hayward Techies is renting old bank building and filling it with cool stuff: THE STEAM VAULT. Happening during downtown street party with few thousand people. Go to http://haywardtechies.club  http://haywardtechies.club/
* Nick: SF Police Commission has voted to block tasers before, they meet every Wednesday  5:30 in room 400 at City Hall. We can go and voice opinions about tazers there.  Debate over future decision is stretched out over many months. Public comment at beginning of meetings can help prevent tasers from coming to SF. Contact Nick at jpk@pobox.com if you have questions.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* Scotty Allen describes the noisebridge membership process

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to describe''' [[membership]], and the application process.
&lt;blockquote>Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community and space better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>

* Andy  John and Jehan are not present.

= [[Philanthropists]]=
* Scotty Allen's confirming information here to apply for Philanthropy. Steve is sponsoring. No objections to him being a philanthropist. We will send the form to the treasurer.

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: Last week's report says Noisebridge has $40k in the Bank. Rent for April and Noisetor's $4.8k debt.
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials
* go to https://donate.noisebridge.net/projects/ 
* FUNDRAISING PROJECTS
* ProjectAmountLockers $20.00
* Laser $2,254.00 (WE NEED $3700 more still to get the giant laser worth over $12,000 donated to us but we need to pay import tariff)
* Sewing $230.00 out of $500 we need $270 Kyle paid for it out of pocket
* Electronics Art Supplies $10.00 to help decorate Noisebridge and have a supply of stuff to do LEDs with
* https://donate.noisebridge.net/projects

= Consensus and Discussion =

* Via fineline: Noisebridge is a doocracy so we try to have as few rules as possible to do what you want with space if it isn't too dangerous or rude in the space. Our goal is to have no beauracracy at all but if we have a big fund spend or decision to make we have a process called consensus. It is like the movie 12 Angry Men: Get psycho cats to agree on painting a bike shed. Actually, it functions smoothly in the last few years. Somebody proposes an idea, everybody has to propose alternative ideas and try to hone and sculpt the proposal till it gets to something people agree on. A member has the power to block a consensus item so if we were all on research chemicals and made a proposal to burn down the space, the one member who is sober could block this because they would revoke their membership rather than be responsible for that proposal.
* Things can largely be done by doocracy!

* It is important that everyone in attendance understands at least:
** Blocking with verbalized principled objections.
** Why we use consensus over other approaches to decision making.
** How consensus isn't a legislative process
** Why consensus isn't applicable to some things like conflict resolution, resolution of time sinks, and the like.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are consensed upon or someone has raised a principle objection for to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==
* SF Police Comission is considering adopting tazers for the PD. Nick: I've been working to stop that. 
* Milo: our organization doesn't have a great record of supporting or making statements about local policy.
* Nick: PD has voted to block tazers before, there's meetings regularly to discuss it where people can voice opinions. 5:30 Wednesday room 400 City hall every Wednesday. Stretched out over many months. Public comment at beginning of meetings can speak your piece about tazers. Contact Nick at jpk@pobox.com if you have questions.
Go to archive.org and type in tazers to learn more.

*Zak On the NB website sidebar, is the sidebar Conway's game of life.

Miloh: this brings up a good point:  if you are a philanthropist/use the space regularly create a wiki user account for yourself on our wiki!

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

= End of Meeting =

# Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
# Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.
# Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]