Meeting Notes 2013-10-15 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 286th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: FIXME YOUR NAME HERE; Moderator: FIXME THEIR NAME HERE.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''
 
= Short announcements and events =
*5mof Thursday night 8pm
*Sudo room event Cryptoparty Sunday

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

The name of the applicant, the week of their application, and their sponsors.
*Mary Panescus, week 2, no sponcers
*Hilaire, AM week one, Justin, Monad
*Robert, w1 AM
*Amber w1 stone AM
*Jay stone w1 AM
*chritina w1 M 1s JC
*Andrew M 
*Kiera Wong w1 1s

= Financial Report =

$1000 donated by art eventSudo room event Sunday

No treasurer report

* Funds in bank:
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

= Consensus items =
NONE
== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''
monad:Asking Pidgeon to leave, exclusion... - moved to next week
 
Jake via proxy : 

"Membership to Noisebridge should no longer be dependant on a person's
ability or willingness to pay money to noisebridge, or to bring food
or beer to a meeting, but only on their ability to acquire sponsorship
signatures and be consensed upon at a meeting, after leaving the
meeting to give opportunity for any objections to be discussed before
they return.
Members will thus enter and remain in good standing without regard to
any financial contributions they do or do not make in that time.
A Member can be suspended by consensus minus one, meaning that consensus 
by the group can suspend indefinitely the membership of a person over that 
person's objections."

General thoughts: should be addressed... amemd members don't have to pay, donors would be the new term for those that pay..

If we restrict access, we cannot limit those who may not be able to afford the $40, and still want access to the space..

Govt should fund hackerspaces..

Volunteering should be alternative to paying cash, to be held accountable..

Monad: valuation?

= Discussion Notes =

John - darkroom, misuse. Nadine sleeping there, do we need to exclude if she tries it again, (she in fact doesn't live here).. Lack of communication, better use of space

Rayc - announcment, $1000 was donated by Asterisk Gallery/Johan... Go Andrea
 



= Attendance =
* List of names and short summary. For bonus points, link wiki user pages.
*Chelsea
*Rohan
*Chris - Book Scanner
*Chris - Led strips 
*Brecken
*Mike -game programmer
*Card - bit coin x - bit box
*merlin
*tarin
*Monad
*Rayc - wifi link to delores park
*Rodie - science Guy
*CYnthia -
*Hilaire
*Vaughn
*Dan - Computational Neuroscience
*Pidgeon 
*Amin - MM Prod
*Melissa


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.