Meeting Notes 2009-03-10 
 [[Category:Meeting Notes]]
== Agenda Items ==
* What Noisebridge is about.
* Discuss Socialization
* Proposal for a n00b night
* Proposal for a grievance process
* Recent donations
** Tcho gave us chocolate
** GSM stuff
** Server hardware
** Lots of new shop tools!
* Regular Happenings and Upcoming events
** Circuit Hacking Mondays (8PM, 83c)
** Pyclass (Monday at 6:30PM, 83c)
** Machine Learning Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
** Natural Language Corners
** Five Minutes of Fame
** Go Workshop (Sunday?)
* Treasurer's report
* infrastructure cleanup
** How many wireless access points do we have?  Can we clean some up to improve wireless performance?
** What is the proper way to manage the multiple internet connections?
** Is there a server we can install a real DNS server on for internal DNS instead of relying on the zero config mdns stuff that doesn't always work?
* leak in shop: update?
* DIY Bio upcoming experiments -- safety protocol and Carolina Green/GFP kit experiment for the upcoming weekend.  [http://www.evil-wire.org/~ampere/Carolina1.pdf GFP experiment description here] 
* Gosh a bigger space squee!  Shall we have a concerted membership drive?  When, how?
* Junk (less junk = more space right now)
* Maker Faire is coming up.  What if anything should NB do?  (May relate to the prev item)
* From last week: shall we reimburse Mitch for stickers?
* Names and Faces board! (Al)
* read membership folder names
** Anonymous membership
*Silly Hats
* New [[NoiseBridge|Front Page]] for the wiki