Meeting Notes 2013-10-08 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 286th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: metaone; Moderator: Danny.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''
 
= Short announcements and events =
* Thursday Oct 10, Event - 
* See RACK list for network issues
* Stove is too dangerous, needs to be repaired
* Elevator - noisebroke ... Broken, unsafe, do not attempt to repair
* 

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* The name of the applicant, the week of their application, and their sponsors.
* Mary, Week 1, no sponsor yet
* Discussion: No way for new members to be created as members are not available to vote


= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $33,585
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): ~$10-15,000

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

===Door Codes Upstairs Entry===
&lt;br>''Door code system functional needs better reliability, repair system - hold on consensus''

===Access After 23:00===
&lt;br>For a trial period of 3 months, Noisebridge shall be open, from 23:00 to 10:00, only to Members, guests of those Members present in the space, and those people with two Member endorsements in the membership binder...
&lt;br>Discussed at length.
&lt;br>Consensed, Kevin and Jon stand aside.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''
''Noisebridge hours / members/times / security / sleeping - More Discussion/3 months trial to collect data with monthly checkin meeting''

===Fundraising===
&lt;br>Hosting a benefit for Noisebridge this Thursday night, 24th and Shotwell Astrisk Gallery 18:30-21:30 [http://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=19/37.75251/-122.41543 Loc OSM]
&lt;br>Curating a photographers art at benefit
&lt;br>Need a thank you note, 501c3 details
&lt;br>Set-up Noisebridge table with info, demos, merchandise

= Discussion Notes =


= Attendance =
* Danny
* Vincent
* Bert
* Monad
* JC
* Kevin
* Jon
* Cynthia
* Justin
* Merceda
* Yoole
* Rayc
* Norman
* Jay
* Amber
* Andrea
* Hilaire

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.