Meeting Notes 2010-08-10 
 The 122nd Meeting of Noisebridge

== Crew ==
'''Get someone to grab the membership binder now. Get someone to take notes.'''

* Moderator:
* Note-Taker:

Notes:

balls.

 Welcome! Kelly == moderator. Note-taker == mrdomino (whoo!) == notes-virgin.

    What's Noisebridge? Hacking. Shit. Community. Hackers. Hack things. Formal organization. Community.
    Where did Shannon's facial hair go?
    Oakland. Looted.

New people == coddled.

Quote of the day: "Someone told me to come to 2169", "Are you sure they meant mission street?"

Welcome to 2169

* What noisebridge is about
  - We are excelent

* Who's here?
  - Do the names, it's important.

* Tres. report
  - Where the fuck is Jeffrey?
  - A: Mexico
  - We have no idea how much money we have. We believe that Jeffrey is in hiding. Cash flow negative or positive -- who knows?! No danger of losing our space, but we could become in danger of losing our space. Money is not going to the Camen Islands. Membership autopayment: [http://nburl.net/autopay]. Currently we have $6000 (&lt; $15000). Check your autopayments! Paypal are wankers.
    - Jeff planning to catch up on duties in next $interval, but not going for reelection.
  - Nominations for treasurer? Rubin! Volunteers: talk to Andy.
  - Noisebridge federal reserve: noted. Proposal -- Azi: trunk show fundraiser. Rubin: Club Mate. Half-bottle on ebay.
    - Post to noisebridge-discuss! Be inflammatory!

* membership binder
  - Done. No members. :(

== Agenda ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
* Anyone new to the meeting/space should stand up and say something cool.
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: We make stuff and so can you!
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you!

=== Announcements ===

* Calling the cops and Noisebridge participants.
  - Noisebridge has no official policies. However, we do enjoy drama.
    - Summary: *take other people's perception of excellence into account before we call the cops.*
      - But you totally can if you want. But don't be a dick. But I mean, you know, it's... if you're really sure it's necessary
        - If someone's setting something on fire
          - Depends on what?
    - Don't be a dick.

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: ~$6000

There is no active treasurer. We don't really know who's a paid-up member, whether members are being reminded, etc. Someone should step up and do this.

=== Membership Binder ===
* Clean up binder pages, remove pages of any approved members into the records binder.
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. (edit this step to include current checkmark system)
* Anyone up for join this week should introduce themselves then leave while the present group comes to a Consensus about their membership.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:'' (Ideally delivered by the *moderator*)

===== Weekly =====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169) - awesome
* Tuesday general meeeting - woot!
* I/phone development discussions (please link and add in time here) - we would like someone from this group to come
* BACE working group on Monday evenings http://timebank.sfbace.org/ - conceptual money
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169)  - Happening??? Matt's interested.
  - Pydude is busy right now. If you want to come here on Mondays, go for it.
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing)  (Monday/Friday)
  - Yup, weekly.
  - Red Hat certification book. Going through different items. Boxes installed in the rack. Mondays, Fridays.
* Linux discussion group 6 PM to 8 PM (turing)  (day?)
* Machine Learning (please link and add in time here)
  - We doing this these days? Mailing list: ml@
* Tastebridge (Taste bridge usually meets for planning following the Tuesday meeting)
  - Cooking classes before meetings on Tuesdays! ~4 or 5pm
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin(? please edit) and 2010 class is in session
* [[Programming_for_Poets]] Gentle introduction to Processing; most Thursdays at 8 if !(Currently on Hiatus) 
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM
* D&amp;D Sundays:  A group has been holding campaigns in Church on Sundays for the last month at least.
  - Would like someone to show up at the meeting.

Other groups 

Android Development - More mailing list chatter => robot army revolution!

Darkroom - last bits of construction! Duct work, sink => plumbing. Expected date: a lot sooner than the last time we said it was soon.
* Also, we have a C41 machine. Develops color film! whoaaaa
* Things you find in bottles in the dark room should not be disturbed. No mercury.
* mailing list: exists

ZergBridge!
* SC2!!!!!!! Saturday: ~5pm til ???
* We would like somebody from this group to figure out wtf

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[5ive Minutes of Fame]]
  * Email Aestetix a title. Next Thursday! Make a fool of yourself! Still accepting talks.

Trying to find a time: 
*Bay Area Hacker's Association monthly or fortnightly meetings.
  - Baha: gonna do cool stuff with camoflage. Surveillance techniques and stuff. Second Thursdays!

=== Project Updates ===

*Your mother was a build out.*
* Things happening! Recent post in publicly archived list re: shit we need done

=== Consensus items ===

None

=== Discussion Items ===


=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]