Meeting Notes 2009-04-21 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: Jeffrey Malone
* Notes:

= Agenda Items =
== Announcements ==
* What Noisebridge is about.
* The Names
* Treasurer's report
=== Project Updates ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* Pyclass (Monday at 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Thursdays, 83c)
* Natural Language Corners
* Sense Extension/Sensebridge/Cyborgism Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]]
* DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge
* Potential [http://wiki.openamd.org/Main_Page OpenAMD] deployment
* Go on Sunday 3pm

== Consensus Items ==
* Purchasing additional NB stickers (MakerFaire, ToorCamp, etc., library cataloging project)
=== Membership Binder ===
* Reading Names
* New member approvals

== Discussion topics ==
* Free Laptop table from Apple to replace center table??? or possibly cut it down for a coffee table upstairs? -mrcamuti
* Propose using Delicious Library on a donated iMac to run our library organizational / tracking system -mrcamuti aka Steve
* NB funding of soldering badges for mondays and maker faire -nils
* [[Removing Membership]] -rachel
* Membership Anonymity and NB Privacy Policy -theo
* BayBANG?

= Notes =
* Please follow the format kindly made by [[User:Turkshead|Turkshead]] and used in [[Meeting Notes 2009 04 14]] when adding items.
* At the end of the meeting I'll ask for volunteers to lead the next meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]