Meeting Notes 2009-09-29 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Dr. Jesus

Note-Taker: JSharp

Attendee Count: 23

Officers: 2

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===
=== Treasurer's Report ===
=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning|Machine Learning ?Wednesdays?]] (8PM, 2169)
* [[Year 1 Open Hacker House]] - October 2nd, 6pm - 11pm - Showing off cool hacked up stuff from the first year.
* Security group - Thursdays 8PM except when 5MoF happens

=== Project Updates ===
====2169 Mission====
* Electrical
* House keeping
** Another dumpster run?
** e-waste
** Drinking problem at 2169
** Cleaners
* Library
* Access Control

Maglocks still not installed because a part needs to be fabricated to compensate for the door frame being out of plumb.  Stop distracting Jesus until it gets done.

** LDAP Database

See [[LDAP Proposal]]

* SCADA, HMI Panels

Need to examine the Windows driver packets in more detail to turn on certain necessary features.  Some panels mostly work on a few machines.  Considering temporarily mounting the laptops by themselves while the panels get figured out.

* VA Machines

Another round of formatting probably this week.  Some of the nicer machines have been fixed up and are being allocated for scholarships to needy hacker sprouts.

====Open Hacker House====
[[Year 1 Open Hacker House/Setup]]

== Consensus items ==

== Discussion Items ==
* Jeffrey Malone as new Noisebridge treasurer
* Redesign of multimedia center in Cuba, general concept; discussion of strategies how to obtain hardware, software, and funds. Frantisek Apfelbeck
* Obtaining a shrubbery. It must be nice looking and not too expensive.

== Membership Binder ==

= Notes =

Noisebridge notes:

Introduction of new persons
What noisebridge is/consensus process explanation
Introduction of existing units
Treasure's Report:
  good money situation
  some people haven't yet paid dues, explanation of dues payment, etc
  3 months of operating expenses in the bank, not minus pending build out expenses
  donation instructions
Goings on at noisebridge -- see agenda
Project updates
  Electrical
     PG&amp;E will turn on road side panel on next monday
     Power run to more locations in the space and getting rid of the extension cords
     Interface with individual space owners to setup space specific electrical requirements
     Tag wanted outlet/switch locations
     Rubin owns central table columns
     David owns chill space
     Crustcher and Jason D. own classrooms
     JSharp, Lamont, and Jim own library
  Housekeeping
     Trash cans replaced with larger units
     Shop trash can will not be picked up, trash needs to be removed
     Dr. Jesus loaned van to take things to dump
     To take garbage out: Monday night, curb -- Do not take out any recepticles that are not disposal company labeled
     Compact/Crush cans
     e-waste:
       scheduled pickup of e-waste Thursday at 2PM
       if you want it, please find a home for it, if it remains in the central pile it is most likey going 
     leaving drinks out/concerns at 2169
       please clean up and don't leave out stuff
     cleaners will be procured but there will be a chores chart put out by Rubin
  Access Control
     don't bug Dr. Jesus until it's in place
     LDAP database, SCADA, HMI : shortened
     centralized preference store in LDAP, see wiki [[LDAP Proposal]]
     VA Machines scholarship program: see Dr. Jesus
  Year 1 Open House
     Noisebridge needs to be cleaned
     Discussion about what's going on at the open house: see the wiki [[Year 1 Open Hacker House/Setup]]
     Please inform Rubin if you want to help out
     Performances and Presentations
     Noisebridge.net/Year1
Discussion Items
  Treasurer proposal for dicussion for Jeffery Malone
    Mitch approves and will help out until things work
  Request for help with redesign of multimedia center and Cuba project
    David is attempting to get Francis in touch with MCRC
    Get in touch with algoldor@yahoo.com
  Discussion about having a clean lab for fine measurement equipment, Michael Kahn would like to arrange a space for equipment sensitive to dust
  Request for Shrubbery
  Discussion about dedicated time for cleaning the space, general approval, needs more cowbell
  Announcement about the Alternative Press Expo, invitation to come and enjoy
  You can now get the bounching google logo at 2169 (IPV6 Connectivity is now active)
  Pvck now has a house!
  Lxpk is up for membership.
  HackerQuarters.com annoucement, place for hackers to live in complement to noisebridge as a place for hackers to work and play.
  Ephemerisle practical experiement -- burning man on the water

Binder Names Read
  Alex Peak admitted as a member to noisebridge.



[[Category:Meeting Notes]]