Meeting Notes 2015-06-09 
 Meeting notes for the 361st meeting of Noisebridge

Moderator: [[User:Tdfischer|Torrie]]

Note Taker: [[User:tman66|J]]


= Participants =

* [[User:Tdfischer|Torrie]]
* Dor - Visitor from TAMI(Tel Aviv makers) who wants to introduce Rhizi - A resource mapping tool ( [http://rhizi.tami.org.il/rz/Noisebridge%20demo http://rhizi.tami.org.il/rz/Noisebridge%20demo] )..please contact [mailto:dor.garbash@gmail.com dor.garbash@gmail.com] if interested.
* [[User:Nthmost|Naomi]] - nthmost working mostly on academic library stuff
* General Populous - Doesn't want your revolution if I can't dance
* ([[User:Signal|Signal]])
* Ben - Been here many times 
* Ron - Been here many times
* Bill - Various Projects that always gets help with
* Henry - New,  took a class from Mitch on Soldering
* April - Usually in SudoRoom. Doing an upcoming Unconference on Privacy, Surveillance, the Future of eBooks and such, with some badass librarians. Hundred-or-so of 'em.
* [[User:Tman66|J]] - Been coming for a while. Likes to mess around with stuff
* [[User:Danf|Dan]] - Have been coming for awhile
* Jade - Fixed my ipad today, and goes to Neurohacking on Wednesdays.
* Mohammed - Been coming for ~2 years, takes classes, engineer
* [[User:Rubin110|Rubin]] - Is here to talk about our lord and savior JC (not the hacker)
* [[User:Bfb|Kevin]] - Been reading Paradise Lost....same JC as above just entered the scene
* [[User:Maltman23|Mitch]] - One of the co-founders of the space. Home for 6 weeks. Somehow the city messed up and has to be on jury duty. I fixed my laptop here 2 weeks ago.
* [[User:Patrickod|Patrick]] - Engineer in "The City". Hacks on Noisebridge infrastructure; mostly the book catalog.
* Miles - from Brazil. Working on a platform for security. Likes the space and wants to build a LED nametag.

= Short announcements and events =

* July - month of fundraising
* April sez for June: Digital Rights in Libraries Unconference; June 29-30 @Noisebridge. Event starts at 1pm both days! Librarians from SFPL, OPL, and a bunch of rad groups coming, check out [https://libraryfreedomproject.org/digital-rights-in-libraries/digital-rights-in-libraries-schedule/ https://libraryfreedomproject.org/digital-rights-in-libraries/digital-rights-in-libraries-schedule/]. April's contact info is [mailto:april.glaser@riser.net april.glaser@riser.net]

* [[User:Maltman23|Mitch]] - Friday the 26th is teaching on [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/MitchWorkshops#2.29_.C2.A0_Arduino_For_Total_Newbies Arduino]. 
* Bill Hill speaks on LGAR 40th anniversary coming up, Sat 27th 4 events at 4:00pm  
* Meeting on our finances was last Sunday, and we are having fundraiser events starting Next Month 
* [[User:Patrickod|Patrick]] - Unconference event 24th of Oct. Early stages. Get involved! 
* [[User:Maltman23|Mitch]] - 100 NB patches (fought Dragon for the patches). Lost. 
* [[User:Tman66|J]] - Social event 3rd Fri of the month
* [[User:Tdfischer|Torrie]] - June 18th is 5MoF, [mailto:tdfischer@hackerbots.net tdfischer@hackerbots.net]. This month's 5MoF theme is "Oops"

= Membership Binder =

* [[User:Maltman23|Mitch]] explained membership
* [[User:Signal|Signal]] - You don't need to be a member to sink money into Noisebridge. You can still do that....just by visiting [http://donate.noisebridge.net http://donate.noisebridge.net]....we '''always''' need money!

== Current applications ==

* Meredith Baker - Sponsor is Alex (no dues)
* Trent Robins - Week 2. Sponsors are [User:Tdfischer Torrie] and [User:Patrickod Patrick]

= Financial Report =

* Funds in bank: $28,257.52
$19,000 after paying bills for this month. Please talk to Patrick or Torrie if you have anyone that has any ideas for raising money.

* First offer from the landlord RE NB's lease is an immediate 10% increase with a 2 year term, followed again by a 10% increase for another 2-year term after that, and subsequently the same 10% increase for a 6-year full term with all options executed.

[[User:Adi|Andy]], [[User:Patrickod|Patrick]], [[User:Rubin110|Rubin]] working with the landlord on the Lease

= Consensus and Discussion =

* [[User:Patrickod|Patrick]] explained Consensus and Do-ocracy. Consensus is the opposite of Majority Rules. 
* [[User:Maltman23|Mitch]] added: If you plan to bring something up that you know people will object to in the meeting, 1st talk about it beforehand with the parties involved. It's most excellent if you discuss such items '''before''' the meeting.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

None

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

[[Philanthropist/Consensus_Item That Noisebridge create a new "Philanthropist" role offering 24/7 access accompanied by a monthly donation requirement]]

= Discussion Items =

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

==Digital Rights In Libraries  Unconference event June 29th / 30th. Ask April==

* April for June: Use of the space on the 29th and 30th. Would like to use most of it from 1pm-6pm both days; the main area and the back. Tech track for librarians. Would like to know if it's OK to use the space for so long and have a librarian take over the space. All of NB will be used to accommodate this event. Details will be put on [https://libraryfreedomproject.org/digital-rights-in-libraries/digital-rights-in-libraries-schedule/ here], can also ask questions about all this to [mailto:april.glaser@riser.net april.glaser@riser.net].

* Answered basic questions about scheduling and safety of the space.  Not just NB but other hackerspaces should be made aware of this event, e.g., hackerspaces.org  THANK YOU ALL &lt;3 April

==July fundraising==

* Noisebridge is NEARLY BROKE, yo.
* A few months ago, [[User:Patrickod|Patrick]] and [[User:Rubin110|Rubin]] talked with Mala about some ideas. We're going to do them in the month of July.
* Start to plan and make it known '''ASAP''' that Noisebridge is having a pile of events
* Dorkbot
* 5MoF
* Mala has offered to go and get Merlin Mann and maybe Corey Doctorow
* They'll bring people in to NB!
* Barkers at the door to fleece visitors!
* We've secured $10k in matching donations from "High" "Profile" "People"
* We want to have $10k from "The" "Public"
* Looking for people to help and for events to throw
* Social media blitz
* This ties in well with the ALA event, which could be a soft kickoff event
* @ioerror might do a video interview here. live. at noisebridge. on a screen.
* Last event is a 24 hour telethon.

==Noisebridge Philanthropists==

* We need more recurring donations.
* We want to make people happy.
* There's a bunch of other stones to kill with birds or whatever the table-turning phrase is.
* We've got a keycard system that works great.
* A lot of folks want to use it outside of the regular "open hours"
* Membership works, but its problematic. Takes a while for people to go through the process, especially if they just want 24/7 access
* 24/7 access isn't really well defined
* The proposal: '''Philanthropists'''
* We have a status for someone who isn't a member, but has been recognized as Excellent and should be given 24/7 access
* They or their proxy comes to the meeting. A member sponsors them. They are then asked to give a recurring donation (same rate as member dues), sign a pledge about what it means to have 24/7 access, what it means to close up, how they can get access revoked, etc. Turned into the secretary
* Revocation: A member brings it up saying "I think they've been unexcellent", and it is immediately revoked. If mediation succeeds, they have access reinstated. Otherwise it remains revoked.
* This formalizes what it means to have 24/7 access: the responsibilities, how to get it, a clear path, etc
* Noisebridge gets someone who would be happy to give a recurring donation and someone to help keep the space open while still protecting Membership.
* It's on the wiki: [[Philanthropist]] and [[Philanthropist/Pledge]]


Comments
* Information on people that have grandfathered 24/7 access.
* If someone already has 24 hrs access, Why does only one member gets to revoke the access?
* Poop example...
* Anyone, including our members still abide by our Code of Conduct regardless of status. Mediation is called for. Any situation should be mediated and a resolution should be worked on.
* It is decidedly UNexcellent for any member to just say I don't like this person and to remove access for no reason.
* This system is looking to define clearly who gets 24 hour access.
* Clear distinction between "Philanthropist" and "Associate Member".
* Members have a distinct definition given by the State of CA, and for various reasons it is extremely difficult to remove someone from membership. For this reason we want to make it difficult to become members because we want to make sure we have excellent people join the space.
* Philanthropists are not member; they are people that continue to contribute donations to the space. With a sponsorship by a member, they can gain 24/7 access without having to apply for membership.
* Is this going to have any conflict with our current 11am-11pm status? Answer: No, nothing changes.
* Talked about control for after-hours access and for working on a Hotline to resolve difficult situations in the middle of the night. 
 

= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.
* "Vomitorium"

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]