Meeting Notes 2011-09-27 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 180th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Leif|Leif]]

Moderator: [[User:Rubin110|Rubin]]
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
**Rubin
**Vanessa, slingshot collective
**Ursula, gramma and all languages
**Darryl Jones, healing artist, for effectiveness, manifesting our lives
**Miloh, welcome to hack alley
**Mike, techno wanderer, not a stock clerk, not quartermaster
**Alex, engineer from Local Motors
**Damien, engineer from Local Motors
**Bill, here to help
**Laura
**Sashy Richmond, of cyberrenaissance.org and cyince.com
**Trinity, building DDR pad
**Dalio, from germany
**Tom, professional paranoia advocate

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

* Power and Rack updates - SuperQ
** SuperQ has been monitoring and adjusting our power usage. Has reduced
computational power requirements. Listen: you can't hear any servers anymore.
Down from 700w to 325w on servers. Has temporarily increased power used by
lighting, because we still don't have enough in some places... our lighting is
poorly designed; SuperQ is working on getting a $2200 rebate from PGE for
buying new lighting to reduce power usage (if we purchase new lights which may
cost more than that). Working with contractor to get estimate, will be brought
up for consensus in the near future.
** Update from last week, still no ETA on power monitoring hardware being available.


=== New or Stale Events ===

Is there anything new happening at the space?
Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?

* '''October 1st 20:00 to late - [[Hacker_EPROM_2011|Noisebridge 3 Anniversary Party &amp; Hacker Prom]]'''
** May not exceed balloon-width distance from your date
* '''October 2nd 14:00 to 20:00 - [http://arse-elektronika.com Arse Elektronika Workshop]''' - Screw The System! Innovation through Pronovation
** Conference about innovation through pornovation, how porn has changed sex, or technology. Sex has something to do with it, but it's not just sex. SuperQ likes network porn.
* '''October 12th 19:30 - [http://dorkbot.org/dorkbotsf/archive/201110/ dorkbot]''' - People doing strange things with electricity
** Joe Grand on parking meters, and a bunch of other stuff.
* '''October 15th - 16th - [https://hackmeet.org/ Hackmeet]''' - A two-day unconference and skillshare
** 2 day conference and skillshare.
* *nix on Thinkpad Anonymous 21:00 every Tuesday
** 34 minutes from now: if you have a thinkpad running linux, get drunk with us and talk about your problems.

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $20,251.08
We just paid rent, and we're still over prudent reserve! Very exciting. However, I still haven't reconciled all of the [[noisetor]] earmarks, so probably a bunch of that is their money. In some ways, this is good, because their prudent reserve will always be a part of our buffer now. If there is someone there from the Tor project who can give a balance of funds collected (minus the recent service they purchased, which we paid for and that's reflected in the current balance) then we can subtract that and have a better idea of how much is in the noisebridge general fund. Usually at this time of month we would be at a lull, so I think any way you slice it we're doing quite well. I'm currently in Spain (next week London!) but feel free to email treasurer@ if you need anything. I'm still pretty reachable. --[[User:Hurtstotouchfire]] 23:07, 27 September 2011 (UTC)
* Noisetor financial report: $1,340 in donations. Approx $800 in expenses, approx $400 current balance. Donate!


=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
** Dan Cote, dude has rollerblades AND reportedly got his shit together. Not present.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.
** Tom, sponsored by Miloh and Leif. Likes breaking and fixing stuff, splendid cycle. Is in favor of our consensus process. Also uses adjective splendid to describe process. Supports T-Shirts and other recent consensus items.
*** Members attest that Tom fights for the user, and is well-suited to be a Noisebridge member. He seems super-nice. He has non-fake british accent. It is the consensus of Noisebridge that Tom is a member.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ===


=== End of Meeting ===

* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.
* 8:39: meeting is done!

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]