Meeting Notes 2015-08-04 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The over 9000th Meeting of Noisebridge]. 

Note-taker: [[User:patrickod|Patrick]]; Moderators: Jarrod


= Introductions =

* What even is Noisebridge: Noisebridge is an educational non-profit for hacks and non-profit. Come here and do cool things.
* Torrie - You don't need membership to do anything here at the space because that's just how we do things. Be excellent.


* Jarrod - mostly does woodworking in the shop
* Roy - hoping to spend more time @ the space
* Nick - first membership meeting. Mostly python / web stuff hacking
* Alex - Trying to go back to school for EE. Into neurohacking. Freshly neurohacked.
* Greg - not in a talkative mood
* John - web dev / bayleaks.org / book scanners
* Patrick - Software engineer trying to get more involved in crypto, security, etc. I do a lot of administrivia at nb.
* Torrie - allegedly human. deposit money for noisebridge and tries to clean the space. made the noiseboard with questionably "useful" information.
* Signal - I am brief. I hack on things related to biomedical interpretation. 
* Ben - Trying to make a brain theramin.
* Audris - first time here. Found Noisebridge last week from a class in the Exploratorium.
* LSPK (Alex) - Teaches game dev after meetings.
* Frank - data communication over broadband wireless / hardware. 
* Yann - multimedia work, found out about noisebridge last week. Wants hack on Arduino stuff
* Luis - concept artist - here for the game dev class. 
* Mari - Likes making art out of tech and vice versa. making games / interactive music videos.
* Maria - student @ SFCC. forming a knitting group in the space on Wednesday nights. 
* nthmost - been here 6 years this week. specializes in the introduction of "video games" to 4 yer olds
* steve - phycisist &amp; software
* kim - first time in the space. here to learn software
* cameron - works in advertising.

= Short announcements and events =

* nthmost - booked a musical event at the space for August 15th. punk / hard rock starting @ 8pm. renewal / reboot 1 year anniversary party. our job is to make the space awesome. need volunteers to make the space pretty.
* patrick - Sept 16: Nate &lt;unintelligible> is putting on a FOIA night at Noisebridge. If you show up, you need to file a FOIA. You can't leave 'till you do.
** And also: I'm starting a crypto paper reading group! It'd be fun to discuss these things! In two weeks from now, lets sit down and chat about $paper. I'll email -discuss with details. You should chat with me
* Torrie - August 20th is next 5mof!! there's no powerword yet, but you should poke Torrie about whatever things you want to talk to. 5mof is a 5 minute lightning talk night about nonsense and technology. you should come by! sometimes we auction off things. come support noisebridge and talk / bring friends. 8pm 20th august
* alex - august 22nd hack the future. we teach kids programming. we need volunteers to teach pretty much anything about programming. either join an existing station or teach a new subject. come chat w/ Alex! 12 - 14 year olds. hackthefuture.org
* torrie - noiseboard is getting some love, but you could add your love into the pool too! github.com/tdfischer/noiseboard it's also running on our futuristic banana technology by the door. it's hackable. you should hack it. noiseboard.herokuapp.com I'll write a wiki page.
* torrie - 3dprinter "threed" terminal are running fedora with kickstart files. important files were lost. 

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* nthmost - informal / formal process for membership. you fill our a form, and we read it out every week (why you want to be a member, your name etc...). you need two member sponsors after 4 weeks to be a member. informally by the time you fill out the form there's a lot of head nods about your becoming a member, that you've become a friend and part of the community. by the 4th week hopefully everyone will be in agreement that you'll be a member. everyone needs to be in agreement as your membership is a consensus item. when you become a member you need to pay dues. $80 standard, $40 starving hacker. only one membership benefit: full participation in the membership process. you could (but you shouldn't do so lightly) stand in the way of everything, but that's a long story for another day.
* torrie - you get more from membership than just consensus. you get this amazing, warm fuzzy feeling (talk to your doctor if this persists after 48 hours) that you're contributing to the community. if you spend a lot of time / energy in the space you should co ntribute, and in return the space stays here, alive and well for future members.
* alex - you can become a philanthropist before becoming a member. to become a philanthropist it requires one member to sponsor / have explained to you what it is. it comes with 24 hour access, but also *all* of the responsibilities (closing up the space, removing people who aren't being excellent). you can become a philanthropist in one meeting. 


= [[Philanthropists]]=

* None (lol j/k last minute app:)
* Ozzy, Sponsored by Steve Young
** Ozzy introduces themselves: Been around NB a lot. Started here maybe 5 years ago, midway through college. I've always been focused on Noisebridge as a cultural center for hackers in SF. I want to give the space money, and help out how I can. If I can help close up, I'll be here later to help, and stuff.
** Steve vouches: I've been coming for a while. Ozzy knows whats up. He's Excellent(tm).
** Q&amp;A
*** Whats yer fav vidja game? Ocarina of Time got me into the vidja. I'd need to think more to make an informed decision.
** (No objections to the application)

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $33,095.98
* Approximately - $22,000 of which is allocated to Noisebridge alone.
* Our rent went up!! We need more recurring donations.

= Consensus and Discussion =

* (patrick 'splains consensus)
* alex - get your arguing done on the mailing list and slack *before* bringing it to the meeting. watch for the meeting notes on the mailing list, you'll find out when noisebridge * becomes a monarchy. 
* torrie - generally a large "block" is a good signal that the community isn't being communicative enough about the thing. nobody should be blocking a thing if the community is healthy.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

Nope

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

Nope

== Discussion Items ==

* Renewal party
* Burned out

=== Renewal Party ===

* nthmost - august 15th @ 8pm. 3/4 bands are done. *all* we have to do is make the space fun. things like making a minigolf course in the space. milkshakes and punk rock. butler serving milkshakes while you play minigolf and listen to punk rock. just needs willing humans to do things to make an awesome thing. 
* mari - I'm up for that. events are my thing. ran conventions.
*** yays around everywhere *** 
* nthmost - if you're not full to the brim with ideas then chat to me on slack / noisebridge-discuss. 
* torrie - let's have a workday meeting to figure out the details of what's going to happen. happen it to death. 
* nthmost - let's do this Friday? 7pm. any concerns?
* torrie - who's not been to such an event before? you all should show up. put up your hands and participate.
* alex - we could potentially facilitate interactive fun video games. 
* torrie - bring them friday!
* nthmost - plan b is the minigolf course. it'd be great to have everyone's ideas. 
* john - a flyer design would be great. 
* torrie - you should also be a barker to hound people for noisebridge monies at the door "we're poor, plz donate" 
* signal - we've done multiple events, but we need more people to help out in making them happen. they're always a bunch of fun. we're helping punk rock in the mission after submission closed. flowers and costumes would be neat. 
* - we should have a punk rock theme if they're a bunch of punk rock bands?
* mari - 80s retro night w/ punk rock. we should set up retro gaming emulators. 
*** idea brain wheels turning ***
* nthmost - best way to contact me is via slack or via the mailing list. I'll make a wiki page when I have a flyer in the next ~2 days.

=== fixing up noisebridge === 

* torrie - getting the feeling recently that while there's a lot of people here there's less being done to push / improve noisebridge. it'd be nice to have more people involved to make it sustainable and more awesome. there's a number of individuals doing heavy lifting, and your participatino wotuld be greatly appreciated. let's make a work day the coming weekends to close the space for a day and do a huge work day to clean the space, spruce it up, and generally make the place even better
* alex - maybe let's have a class about helping out / contributing to noisebridge
* jarrod - let's make it before the party on the 15th?
* torrie - there's a bunch of prep to get tools, cleaning materials, a plan etc. let's make it a mini reboot. let's spend a bunch of time to make it great. I'm thinking September 12th and have the time to do this right. the bigger a deal we make about it, the more it'll be discussed, and the more excitement / participation there'll be
* greg - let's make a TODO list like there was for the reboot where folks who don't know what to do just pull something off the list with an expectation of what's involved and how long it'll take
 * ozzie - I like Alex's "how to contribute" class 
 * torrie - it'd be great if you thought it up / put it together
 * mari - I've wanted to do 'goths and crafts' in the space. 
 * nthmost - romy wants to do the same
 * torrie - also a bunch of folks are traveling to CCC / burning man so doing it in september when folks are around will give it a better chance.


= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]