Meeting Notes 2010-10-05 
 The 130th Meeting of Noisebridge

== Crew ==
'''Get someone to grab the membership binder now. Get someone to take notes.'''

* Moderator: Seth
* Note-Taker: Rachel

(Notes appended at the bottom of this page)

== Agenda ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you!

=== Announcements ===

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: 

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month.
* Anyone up for join this week should introduce them selves then leave the area in search of gifts for the rest of the group.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

===== Weekly =====
&lt;!----
The following events are listed with day of week, time the session starts, and location.
For locations at Noisebridge, see a map of the [[2169_map|2169]] location of Noisebridge.
--->
For locations at Noisebridge, see a map of the [[2169_map|2169]] location of Noisebridge.

* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (Monday, 7PM,  E Lab)
* Iphone Dev Meetup  -- (Monday, 6PM, A. Church)
* [[Pyclass]] - Mondays (Monday, 7PM, A. Turing)
* [[Unityversity |GameDevelopment]] - (Wednesday, 7PM, E Lab/Main Hall]]
* [[SCoW]] craft group - (Wednesday, 7PM, SCoW area)
* [[Machine_Learning]] - (Wednesday, 7:30PM, A. Church)
* Linux System administration certification study group - (Wednesday, 6PM, A. Turing)
* [[Spacebridge]] - (Sundays, Main Hall)
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - (Sunday afternoon, Main Hall)

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]

=== Project Updates ===

* Frantisek Apfelbeck's let's have a baby initiative
* Party report, To Your Wishes

=== Consensus items ===

=== Discussion Items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder by the Shrine at the northeast corner.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]


== Notes ==

Seth introduced Noisebridge
Round of introductions
Seth, Secretary
Rachel, sewing &amp; electronics
Steve
Miket (probably spelled wrong)
Franticek, Tastebridge
Joe, injured neuroscience grad
Tony, no rhyme or reason
Liz, graphic design

Seth described consensus process (acknowledging that we don't entirely agree on it)

No announcements

Treasurer not present but spoke to Seth.  She is figuring out how much money we have and plans to be at next week's meeting with an official report.  So pay your dues!

=== Membership binder ===
(I don't think we are consensed on whether it's OK to write the prospective members' names out here so I haven't.  Check the binder next time you're in the space)
Nobody is up for membership.

=== Events: ===
* Circuit Hacking Monday is "still going on".  Come next Monday and learn how to make an FTDI cable (but not branded) by taking something apart and remaking it, this is a USB-Serial converter you can make for only a couple dollars and fifteen minutes.  (A branded FTDI cable costs $20.)

* iPhone dev meetup happens

* PyClass is looking for a new teacher, possibly Aditya has volunteered for this?

* Game development, Alex Peake w/UnityVersity.  Wednesdays 7PM

* SCoW, sewing &amp; crafting.  Learn about the industrial machines, fix your clothes or backpack.  Wednesdays 7PM and onwards.

* Brewing class, Wed 6-9, has been Kombucha, will now be honey-based whey drinks.

* Cooking class Tuesdays from about 5-7, make food (serve it at the meeting)

* Linux Sysadmin Certification Study Group.  Wednesdays 6PM

* Spacebridge.  may be on hiatus?  Check the wiki for the mailing list.

* Knots, Go, &amp; Locks.  Occasionally on Sundays, unscheduled, email or just show up.

* Five Minutes of Fame.  Next one is October 21st, lightning talks, typically 100 people show up.  Submit a talk!  fmof.net


=== Project Updates ===

Franticek, "Let's have a Baby".  Help create a new hackerspace in Tzachala, Chiapas, Mexico.  Wants to link it with an intensive course in food and beverage culture.  First -15th of December, simultaneous both locations, 3x week or thereabouts, needs scheduling.  17th-19th, intensive summit (under 100 ppl) about food hacking.  Also a party.  Finish up around 26th of December, then F will go to Mexico and do the same thing there.  Then maybe again in Japan!  Are people OK with this, is it too big a thing to do at Noisebridge?  Talk to Franticek.

To Your Wishes party report.  Noisebridge's third anniversary and first anniversary of the 2169 space. "Party of the year".  Concept came from Moxie.  Everyone brings $10 and the theme of the party is what to do with the money.  Visual computing voting system.  Ended up choosing to send one member of the party to visit Singapore. Antonio was chosen by Rock Paper Scissors tournament, and went off the next day.  He successfully visited the hackerspace in Singapore.  We took in some hundreds of dollars from drink donations, Rachel has this and will refund the initial amount and give the rest to Noisebridge.  Miloh notes that cleanup from the party wasn't as complete as it could have been, there was still sticky beer on the tables and so on the next Monday at Circuit Hacking Monday.

=== Discussion Items ===

In late October, Exit Through the Gift Shop screening, then discussion and spray paint to make graffiti (in NB).  What do people think about this idea?  Wants to basically do a graffiti workshop.  Talk to Niket about this if you are interested or have opinions.

An Idea From Rubin and Jonathan Moore. Every half a year, get a bunch of hackerspaces together and send a person from each around to one of the others for a couple of days.  Make it a Thing!

=== Announcements ===

Rubin announces that SFZero will be doing another Journey to the End of the Night.  Noisebridge may be a checkpoint, may be an endpoint, not decided yet.  This will be around Halloween, maybe the Saturday the 30th?  Last year there were over 600 people playing and Rubin got yelled at by police.