Meeting Notes 2007-17-04 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The XXXth Meeting of Noisebridge]. 
Note-taker: Alex; 
Moderators: John.

* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''

= Introductions =
Alex: I do games and stuff.

Eric: Safety czar to be determined.

Dor: German music guy.

John: Bayleaks.

Patrick: hack things.

Trent: Python, hack stuff.

Mari: Hacking, proud of improved soldering skills.

Jarvis: Android and 3D art and animation.

Edward: Student from Boston U here to learn coding.

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>
* Introduce any experimental or unusual moderation techniques that may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):
** What's your name
** What do you do
** What do you maintain at Noisebridge?
** if you are new: how did you hear about Noisebridge?

= Short announcements and events =
* Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short! One or two sentences please!
* Any happenings at the space of which members should be made aware.
* Don't hog everyone's time since we all just want to hack!

Eric:
    New safety program developed to stem damage to equipment in space. New posters floating around. Name and sponsor for short training for tools to ensure people learn how to use the tools.
    When we finally get new laser cutter, you can't touch it till you learn the skills.
    Looking for people to be station chiefs. Kyle for sewing for example.
    
    John: How often is training?
    Trent: Discussion after.
    
    Trent: Book barcode scanning app is over here. I can show you how to use it if you're interested. The goal is to scan all the books barcods, about 2000 books, all the blue taped sections have been scanned, we'd like it done in a couple weeks and we need now labor. If anybody can help we'd love to have you, after meeting we'll teach how!
    
    Alex: Five minutes of fame team reformation, come talk to me!

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

Alex: Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community and space better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>

= [[Philanthropists]]=
Philanthropists is 

Eric: I'm applying to be philanthropist.

Patrick: Mitch has signed for you.

Eric Michaud is a philanthropist.

Dor: Dor is now a philanthropist also too. We will email him.

Mari is a member as of last week.

Erica has a membership application and a philanthropy pledge.

Zach is up for membership and has the ability to do a monthly donation to be worked out with Patrick.

We need a new secretary if someone wants lots of responsibility and business doing work.

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $35000 in bank.
* Just paid insurance for the year.
* Just about to pay rent.
* Will drop to 2-3000 in the coming month.

= Consensus and Discussion =

* Alex: Consensus happens when members need to decide if some major proposal needs to be blocked.
* Patrick: It happens maybe 3 times a year.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
None.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
None.

== Discussion Items ==

Eric's Safety of tools discussion will follow meeting.

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

= End of Meeting =

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]