Meeting Notes 2012-10-30 
 These are the notes of [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 240th Meeting of Noisebridge].Note-taker: [[ User:flamsmark | Tom ]]; Moderator: [[ User:snail | Snail ]].
* We decided not to buy the gorilla shelves out of Noisebridge funds.
* Note that there are two "Tom"s in this meeting.
 
= Announcements &amp; Events =
* Daniella: is taking a month's break from french. She also needs a secretary/PR person for the french class.
* RYC: E-waste has been removed!
* Quinn: will be talking about Noisebridge in the context of do-ocracy
* Krutcher: wants to leveradge fast JS for meta-heuristics, and wants help to hack large distributed systems.
* John: the neuro cabal meets Mondays at 7. Be there or be neurotypical
* Andreas: wants to teach a business class to be announced soon; get in touch with him

= [[Membership Binder]] =
* Andrew Burns: Week 2
** Sponsor: Danny O'Brien
** Sponsor: John Withers 

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: 17999.26
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

= Consensus items =

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals from last week ]] ==
* Proposal from Martin: Noisebridge should purchase Gorilla Racks replacing the current selection of member shelves of the same approximate dimensions. This is estimated at approximately $1200-$1800. http://www.globalindustrial.com/g/storage/shelving/boltless/Gorilla-Rack-Shelving
** Some folks support these shelves, but many folks do not think that we should spend Noisebridge finds.
** RAYC suggests that he may be able to cover this with a private collection
** '''This measure is not the consensus of Noisebridge.'''

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals for next week ]] ==
* Proposal from [[ User:flamsmark | Tom ]]: Noisebridge renews its lease on the 2169 Mission space, increasing our rent from $3600 to $3960.

= Discussion Items =
* Shelf organization: Tom proposes a shelf organization scheme with a database, filing, and paperwork. Tom volunteers one hour a week to maintian this. Others are skeptical; and suggest coordination with Jake, those who propose champion the gorilla shelves, and other stakeholders.

= Attendance =
The following people introduced themselves:
* John is our first victim
* Mike is not a quartermaster or a stock-clerk, or a bus-man
* Leif
* Tom is not a member; does a lot of costuming and working on a small business painting
* Sean has been hacking on an OLPC
* Tom is typing this sentence
* Krutcher likes systems
* Zephyr is here
* Ramone
* Daniella teaches french
* Aleecia loves pseudonyms and is not a member. Aleecia does privacy
* Quinn studies and hacks on do-ocratic social structures
* Snail probably couldn't moderate to save her life
* Christopher Altman is building a quantum network

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]