Meeting Notes 2010-02-16 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Jonathan Moore

Note-Taker: Rubin110

== Announcements ==
* ???

=== Introduction and Names ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===

Amount in bank: $17000

Over the past week, we've received over $2k in late dues.  Thanks to Rachel for helping to get reminder notices out, and to everyone who's paid their dues!

=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

=== Agenda Items ===

=== Membership binder ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* [[Project Euler]] now on Tuesdays at 7:00 p.m.
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots Go and Locks - Sundays 3PM

=====Non-weekly=====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]
* [[Hacker EPROM]]

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====

* Kitchen
* Networking, Rubin seeks help running ethernet.
* February Cleaning Day - 20100223 1800, Tuesday the 23rd 6:00pm.

== Consensus items ==
''Please list your name (or proxy) next to each item you list here. Good form is to personally (or through proxy) lead items added here at the meeting.''

== Discussion Items ==
''Please list your name (or proxy) next to each item you list here. Good form is to personally (or through proxy) lead items added here at the meeting.''

* Make Mitch Altman the new Executive Director of Noisebridge

== End of meeting ==

* Thank you all for coming to this episode of Noisebridge meeting, see you all same bat time, same bat place next week. 
* Copy new meeting notes for next week, update main page on wiki.
* Vomitorium

==Meeting Minutes==

* Jonathan Moore is running the mother fucking meeting
* Rubin is taking some fucking bad ass notes

===Welcome to Noisebridge===

* There are new people
* We have a consensus process
* This is Noisebridge

===Teasurer's Report===

Amount in bank: $17000

Over the past week, we've received over $2k in late dues. Thanks to Rachel for helping to get reminder notices out, and to everyone who's paid their dues!

===Membership Binder===

* Chris something with an L, present at the meeting
* Mike Gracy
* Chris Lombardy
* Ian A, present
* Cooper Q
* Mike Rotando
* Justin Cruger
* Zedd, present

Mike Rotando is up for the pickings but wasn't present.

===What's going on at Da Bridge, in the Mishmish===

Look above at the meeting notes, or the events page, duders.

At some point Zedd will get off.

* Five minutes of fame is happening on Thursday, woot woo.
* Hacker EPROM, needs help, talk to Rubin.

===Project updates===

* The kitchen is going along, Zedd is great, all hail Zedd.
* Rubin wants help running ethernet
* Cleaning day in a week.

===Consensus Items===

Fuck no

===Discussion Items===

* Make Mitch Altman the new Executive Directory of Noisebridge. Mitch is great, everything gave me great praise, no one object to pushing this item to consensus for next week. Spread the word, tell people.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]