Meeting Notes 2012-08-07 
 = Agenda =

[[:Category:Meeting Notes|The 228th Meeting of Noisebridge]]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps|Danny]]

Moderator: [[User:hurtstotouchfire|Kelly]]
 
== Introduction and Names ==

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>
* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.
* Introduce any new or unusual moderation techniques that you may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):

Kelly -- works in neuroscience, abandoning you all to move to Boston. (Crowds of booing).

Tom -- over the course of this week, I spent an unreasonable number of hours telling reasonable people to do a thing that they promised to do, and that they had not done

Danny -- I'm typing everything everyone is saying

David -- I'm new here, programming and math.

John -- screwing around embedded programming

R. -- from metalab, building a startup

Kevin -- like to do stuff with programming

Nick -- publishing two books on movie making

Paul -- development

Forrest-- interested in mesh networks, distributed caching, p2p-rising.

Ornj -- I edit wikis, sweep floors

Alex -- linux and networks!

Anij -- doing a workshop

Todd --- imagemaking workshop

Alexis -- doing stuff!

Christian -- first couple of times here. Great ideas and want to manifest them in reality.

Julia -- is a maker! Printing a pseudoorgan and a toy on the 3d printer.

== Short Announcements ==

Come to [[Elements_of_Image_Making]] on Sunday 2PM, starts the 26th!


== New or Stale Events ==

Stuff we're not sure about. Please get in touch if you're still doing these links!

On Mondays:
** [[Gamebridge| 18:00 Unityversity Unity3D Game Development user group and beginner mentoring. ]]
** 19:00 [[Cook-in class]] Bring your ideas/food/appetite and try your hand at cooking.

On Tuesdays:
22:00 [[SF Grey Hat Meetup]] If you have to ask you probably shouldn't show up. next meeting 3/13 will cover metasploit, vote for next topic.


** 19:00 [[PyClass]] - Learn how to program using the Python programming language. New "series" starts December 5th!

** 19:00 [[Machine_Learning|Machine Learning]] 7:00pm, come in and learn about statistical learning techniques.

** 19:00 [[Noisedroid/Nights]] - An Android-Themed Co-working Night.

On Sundays:

** 19:00[[Hack Politics]] -- 1st and 3rd Sundays of the month.  Hack the political systems.  (Next meeting will be July1, 2012).


== [[Membership Binder]] ==

No new members this week!

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: $13826.20

* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): 

*    There are $2064.76 earmarked NoiseTor funds
*    Colo service has been paid through Jul 7, 2012
*    There are enough funds to pay for an additional 2 months of colo
*    This information was updated at Tue Aug 7 21:30:03 2012 

== Consensus items ==




=== Proposals from last week ===

''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Proposals for next week ===


Kelly suggests that we put aside money to either automate the treasury process or hire a CPA.

== Discussion Items ==

== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to it's rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker or robot.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]