Meeting Notes 2012-10-09 
 = Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 237th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[user:flamsmark|Tom]]

Moderator: [[user:flamsmark|Tom]]
 
== Introduction and Names ==

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>
* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.
* Introduce any new or unusual moderation techniques that you may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):
** What's your name, 
** are you a member,
** what do you do, and
** if you are new: how did you hear about Noisebridge?

* Tom
* [[user:Reverend Mik|Reverend Mik]]

* Zak
* Nick
* Carlos
* Jonah
* Mike
* Nathan
* Weev
* Drew

== Short Announcements ==
* Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!
* Any happenings at the space of which members should be made aware.

Preprod on short film called Occutraz: afake press conference, like political WWF.

== New or Stale Events ==
* Is there anything new happening at the space?
* Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?
* If this is the first meeting of the month, review all the [[:Category:Events | events at the space]] and try to weed out stale events.

Electic Imp hackathon Sat Nov 10 12pm-6pm


== [[Membership Binder]] ==
* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to describe''' [[membership]], and the application process.
&lt;blockquote>Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>
&lt;blockquote>If you want to show your commitment to Noisebridge and the community here without becoming a capital-M-Member, consider being a Noisebridge associate. Associates pay their dues to the treasurer just like members, use the space just like members, and are valued participants in the community just like members. The difference is that associate membership doesn't involve consensus: there's no need to go through consensus to become an associate, but associates don't get to block consensus either.&lt;/blockquote>
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone eligible to join this week should
** introduce themselves,
** answer any questions members may have for them, then
** leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime, or cookies) for the rest of the group.
* The rest of the meeting should reach consensus on whether they may join.
* Remember to applaud new members when they return.

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank:
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

== Consensus items ==
You may wish to '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to repeat '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on the consensus process]].

=== Proposals from last week ===

''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Proposals for next week ===

* Mik has concerns with RAYC's behavior in the space, and would like to ask him to be somewhere else for a while.
** On several occasions, RAYC has told people that if they are not here to hack, they have no business being here. He has done so to Mik several times (including once while Mik was working), and once (while Myk was watching) to someone else who comes here for political activism. Mik finds RAYC's belief that he can decide who can and cannot be here disturbing. Mik notes that other incidents were covered during mediation with Danny last week.
** RAYC claims that Mik is deceptive about RAYC's behavior, and would like to continue mediation with Danny. RAYC revealed that Danny agreed that Mik is a compulsive lair and attacking RAYC's character. (Just for the record, I didn't say that in the mediation. Love, dob) RAYC maintains that he was polite and reasonable when he was inviting people to be here to hack. RAYC maintains that Noisebridge is a hackerspace, and for hacking.
** The consensus of the room is that this sounds like a lovely topic for continued mediation with Danny.
** Mik does not agree to retract his proposal. Tom intends to block it.

* Zak proposes a ban on the illegal use of drugs in Noisebridge. RAYC supports this proposal.
** Zak is concerned about recent use of substances like Nitrous Oxide recreationaly. Zak has requested that those people do not do so in NB. Others have shared Zak's concerns, and he would be embarrassed to have his friends see NB like that. There is no agreement to acquiesce to his request, with prejudice.
** Zak would like to know when this thing is happening, so that he can avoid being here.
** Weev wants to know if Zak would have the same concerns with similar legal items (EX: Xenon rather than Nitrous Oxide). Zak replies that these substances were not being used for medical purposes, and that if this is the kind of thing happening here, he doesn't want to be here.
** Drew asserts medical competence, and states that Nitrous Oxide is not hazardous to human health.
** Mik cautions that this proposal does not relate to health hazards, but the behavior that derives from that.
** John points out that people should be responsible for their actions, whether as a result of chemicals or not. We should not penalise the substances, only bad behavior.
** Weev recalls that Sunday's event did not involve antisocial behavior. Where will we draw the line; what if you are offended my my politics, or my body modifications, or my sexuality. We should not prohibit things that are not anti-social.
** Many other agree with regulating behavior not substances.
** Tom intends to block this proposal.

* RAYC proposes prohibiting bringing alcohol into the space, pursuant to certain guidelines (EX: only on Fridays). RAYC intends to add guidelines here.
** Carlos and James say that many people are capable of drinking in the space, and doing so productively and reasonably.
** Tom intends to block this proposal.

== Discussion Items ==

If an item of discussion drags on too long, further discussion may be postponed until after the meeting ends.

During discussion, it is not necessary to write down exact what each person says. Record the topics of discussion, and any items of consensus or controversy here. Detailed descriptions of the conversation should go on the discuss page for this meeting.

Zak asks about meeting protocol. Tom explains the basic meeting process. There is no controversy.

'''Access Controls'''
There has historically been a gate-unlocking app. Now there is another one. This has generated discussion about legitimate access to NB. Controversy!

== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to it's rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker or robot.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]