Meeting Notes 2013-08-27 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 280th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Kevin; Moderator: Jarrod.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''
 
= Short announcements and events =
* God Waffle Noise Pancakes will be @ Noisebridge hosting Noise show on Sept. 21, 12:00-14:00
* Zulu testing of Noisebridge app on wireframe, boosting to alpha tonight
* In the Works - all the last members evicted last night, new collective forming in Emoryville
* Know Nodes workshop alt method for sharing ideas on the web - connects makers and creators

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Nobody

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $33,615.36 + money from James Sunquist/Fundraiser party + $74 from donation bins
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
* James S. create formal process for reentry into community (not present, deferred)

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
* Robert proposes a person must have at least a minimum of one active project to be at Noisebridge

We can already do this.&lt;br>
Homeless camp-out at 5/6:00. Felt alone in wanting everyone to leave.&lt;br>
Rooster brigade was effective. Came at 5/7:00 and asked folks to leave.&lt;br>
What does Robert mean "do nothing"? Folks sleep here after exhausting themselves hacking. Focus on being caring.&lt;br>
Noisebridge == stupid science club, not trying to solve classism. Hacking/not hacking infrastructure problem.&lt;br>
Noisebridge != squat.&lt;br>
Need clarification on what 'a project' entails.&lt;br>
Is cleaning a project? Taking out the garbage?&lt;br>

* Pidgeon proposes to ban Dru from Noisebridge until there can be a confirmation that he does not jeopardize Noisebridge as a safespace

Andrew accused of sexual assault and not banned. Allegedly molested two people. Possibly witnessed one instance. Many people have left because of this.&lt;br>
Cannot make an informed decision without knowing what happened.&lt;br>
There was a massage that happened in the Hack-a-tor-ium.&lt;br>
Lillian emailed Dru very recently, Dru read email out loud.&lt;br>
Failure mode of Noisebridge, people don't come to Noisebridge because they feel physically harassed when they come here. Need a better way to deal with this. Other hackerspaces have a harassment procedure, statement of values, etc....&lt;br>

= Discussion Notes =

* Noisebridge Radio

In ~1.5 months will have opportunity to have 'Noisebridge Radio'&lt;br>
Help to check for interference signals&lt;br>
Will have ~3.5mi range, consider the hills&lt;br>
Norman will handle filings with FCC&lt;br>
Needs permission to install an antenna on the roof&lt;br>
Points system from the FCC:
# Must file
# ~12 hours programming per day
# 100 Watts
# In the neighborhood for 2 years
Permit to build&lt;br>
Permit to transmit&lt;br>
Deadline is October 17th&lt;br>
Radio station in DJ booth&lt;br>
First time in 20 years FCC to add urban stations&lt;br>

* Ryan is making an iPhone app for Noisebridge

Putting out a general request for feedback&lt;br>
Tools&lt;br>
Event calendar&lt;br>
Link into Robert's proposed website&lt;br>

* Chris

Big guy, smokes crack from 16th and Mission&lt;br>
Refers to the space as home&lt;br>
Aggro and threatens people&lt;br>
What to do?&lt;br>
Look like [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:HenryRollins2010.jpg Henry Rollins]&lt;br>
Verbal attacks&lt;br>
Nice if people like that had mugshots&lt;br>
In appropriate sexual remarks&lt;br>
In appropriate personal questions&lt;br>
Moved to a formal consensus proposal&lt;br>
Open call for everyone to tell Chris to leave a return to next Tuesday meeting&lt;br>

* Robert creating command center

* Andrew discussion of death threats

Returned to Noisebridge, expecting good faith mediation response&lt;br>
Lillian offered to speak with person making death threats&lt;br>
Request that use of word rape in discussion cease as it is an incitement to violence&lt;br>
Dru doing as much as he can, outreach&lt;br>
Email to RedShirts list specifying Kim as having made death threats&lt;br>
Noisebridge fail&lt;br>
Others have felt threatened by Kim in the space&lt;br>
Kim not capable of killing Dru&lt;br>
Possible fails are related?&lt;br>
Ask Kim to leave and not return til Tuesday meeting&lt;br>

= Attendance =
* Norman into radio
* Ryan newish
* Cynthia kitchen person, hangs out with brain people
* Helen astrophysics, heavy machinery, electronics
* Monad tinkerer
* Budliser game designer
* Andrew hacks Android phones and neuroscience
* Dana Arduinos and LEDs
* Pidgeon waste hacker, sewing, interested in circuit hacking
* Rachel painter, interested in nutrition
* Kris hoping to become a member
* Robert hacker
* Holly writer
* Douglas building an analog digital hybrid synthesizer
* Carlos knight of the lambda calculus
* Kevin lean to install capacitive touch censors
* Joseph hacker, makes necklaces
* Jarrod jr architect

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.