Meeting Notes 2009-06-16 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/User:Aeonsf John]

= Agenda Items =

noooooo

== Announcements ==
* What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]].
* Treasurer's report
* [[2009_New_Director|New Director]] needed

=== Project Updates ===

* ML WiiMote Gesture Recognition: we did our first data capture last week, will be starting code this week (details below)

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''
* PyClass (Monday 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* [[Haskell/Haschool|Haschool]] (Tuesday 6:00PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Thursdays, 83c)
* Shop Class - Fridays (8pm, 83c)
* Natural Language Corners
** [[German]] Thursdays 7PM 83c, beginners earlier, advanced come later.
* [[Sensebridge]] Cyborg Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]] 3pm - 5pm
* [[DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge]]
* Go on Sunday 3pm
* Locks Sunday 3pm
* [[Adobe_Lightroom|Adobe Lightroom Class]]

== Consensus Items ==

lol

=== Membership Binder ===
* Reading Names
* New member approvals

== Discussion topics ==

* Who would help buy a Microvision PicoProjector dev kit? (David Molnar)
* [[IRS_Response_2009_06|Status of 501c3 application]] (David Molnar)
* [[Moving]] - space visit reports for 2017 MIssion and 475 Valencia
* [[Billings_Grab_Bag]] - grab bag of hackable stuff for Billings Middle school

= Notes =
* Add links to every agenda item up.
* Volunteers to lead the next meeting?

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]