Meeting Notes 2015-09-15 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The over 9000th Meeting of Noisebridge]. 


Note-taker: [[User:patrickod]]
moderator: [[User:tdfischer]]

Short meeting. we still need money. Talked mostly about meta-consensus

= Introductions =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:

* Sammer - here because he wants to give noisebridge money.
* Joyti - here practically every day because she's teaching herself to code
* Frank - a spacer! learning about wifi and radio and the like.
* Josh - found out about noisebridge through the next guy. he's the driver. I hack on computers! Music!!!
* JimmieZ - from australia. works in media. moving back into tech. part of a collective of 500+ tech collective called silicon coast. hackers told him to come here
* Henner - hacks on electronics and software. plays cello. making a new interface board for the RFID access system!
* danukeru - from Montreal! run a hackerpace there. in software security in the bay area
* mari - hacks on video games and other things. helping w/ events! trash taker. helps the space when the need arises
* nahid - first time @ the space! background in embedded systems. works on firmware and chip design @ intel. doing a startup. building a smart dog bowl. looking for help w/ PCB design!
* patrickod - hacks things. is Irish. Likes numbers. 
* torrie - proto-cyborg engiqueer. comes from a distant past. here with noisebridge for a few hours at least. knows the owner! watch out!


= Short announcements and events =

* Mari - Noisebridge Gaming Archivists meeting. Playing games, modding hardware, chiptunes. Next Friday there's the Cyberdelia @ DNA lounge and we want to have a showing of hackers here beforehand
* Alex - REFRESH is happening sometime soon. Want to get feedback about signage in the space. Look for the signs w/ the double box border and give feedback to Alex! Also help with wiki materials
* Patrick - Noisebridge Lit Crawl @ October 17th. 
* Torrie - work weekend last weekend! we want to do it again. some upcoming weekend we'll do it again. Also I made a LED windchime which is an art.
* Torrie - 5MOF is this Thursday! Kinda not planned so it might be small, but it'll still be epic! 5 minute lightning talks with epic stuff. x

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* Noisebridge membership - Henner explains it.

= [[Philanthropists]]=

* Patrick explains philanthropist
* sammer is a philanthropist!


= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: Approximately $34,000, of which $24,000 ours

* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials

= Consensus and Discussion =

* Henner explains consensus

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

None

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

None

== Discussion Items ==

* Discussion about how noisebridge does consensus, blocking, proxy blocking, what works, what hasn't worked in the past.

= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]