Meeting Notes 2011-11-29 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 189th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps]]

Moderator: [[User:Flamsmark]]
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.


Tom -- moderator, and fascist

Florian -- going back to Germany, back in the Spring

John -- hasn't been here for a year, glad to be back

Javier -- hanging out in Noisebridge for a month

Max -- moved here, applying to be a member

Ben -- here from New York learn to build things ... um... (alternatives to common free services offered by Google with very simple web client interface, webDAV docs, calDAV calendar, mail services and all the derp that comes with an ill thought out schema, simply because.)

Zephyr -- I'm here from Noisebridge

Bryant -- also applying to be member

Kelly -- Treasurer, returned from MANY MANY CONFERENCES

Kaya -- EATING THE CURRY, IT IS GOOD

David -- first night, visiting from Canada. First time at hackerspace

Chris -- come to noisebridge sometimes

Erica -- at Noisebridge all the time, first meeting

Rich -- first meeting, been around in SF for four years

Jesse -- been to many many meetings, here from biocurious, technology robots

Danny -- runs social engineering

A reminder that the notes are a wiki page, so you can edit them if you think they are wrong.

=== Short Announcements ===

Spacebridge is moving its meeting nights from Sundayss to Tuesdays!!! We'll be meeting at 7.30pm and doing until we're done. Seven launches under our belt, lasercutting our components so when we lose it, we can rebuild it, like in Six Million Dollar Man.

Florian says he planned a hackupy/pirate party meeting before the meeting but nobody came, maybe we can do it after the meeting.

=== New or Stale Events ===

See above for Spacebridge.

Wednesday/Thursday, Miloh is hacking on the walls in
the classrooms to finish it off so we can wire up the classrooms. Everyone is welcome to help plaster, sand and prime these rooms. We need mud and fixol!

Saturday 3PM is the Bay Area RepRap meeting
(fabrication, plastic filament printers of all kinds).
Go to learn more about how to build your own RepRap.

On Friday, there's going to be a San Francisco Free School event, on acting and improv, at 1720 Market, the Happiness Institute.

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: around $15K in savings. 

Little lower than usual because the screenprinting
went through. Paypal has limiting our withdrawals
because they want an SSN, to $500 a month. We're
talking to them about that. We gave them our EIN
already, so it's kind of weird that they're limiting it, but hey, c'est la paypal.

=== Membership Binder ===

Names were read out.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

Danny proposes for consensus that the money spent on the wall buildout be re-imbursed from Noisebridge funds.

SuperQ proposes for consensus that the money spent on hosting noisebridge.net by Andy be paid by Noisebridge, to the sum of $1000.

=== Discussion Items ===

Miloh says we need new members. 

Kelly mentions that a huge amount of our donations comes from non-member donations.

Somebody asks where the best place to look at the finances -- Kelly says let's talk about this in a few weeks when stuff is reconciled.

Zephyr talks about Hacker Quarters. We're finalising the rental today. A group called Zeden (sp?) visited Noisebridge, and we liked their utopian vision, but wanted to do something a little more practical. We've rented a place nearby, with two jacuzzis, with five spots for people to live. We will try to set up some space for visiting hackers. We're not going to be able because of the rules to have just random other people living there, but if you're visiting Noisebridge, and you need somewhere to crash, you can come to the Hacker Quarters.

Homeostasis of Noisebridge is improving, says Rayc.

Rayc says has been tasked with cleaning or decluttering Noisebridge. He suggests maybe a table for sorting stuff that has been left on tables.

The collective voice suggests that people should just CLEAN THE FUCK UP instead. Much discussion of how to get people to do this.

Rayc suggests cleaning class at kink.com.

Miloh points out hellbins in the electronics space,
where we throw stuff that no-one knows about.

Danny mentions that he and Zephyr are working on new tools to help with NB's organization. More news on this soon.

Kelly says she is going to move from Xero to XXXX in the new year, which will hopefully make all of this easier. After the grad school applications, dammit!

==== Walter's Hologlypics proposal. ====

Walter was originaly thought of going into a partnership with Noisebridge, and now it looks like he doesn't need a financial relationship with Noisebridge, and he can sort out the financial stuff with Indy Media. 

We agreed that this doesn't need consensus, as there'd be no financial connection with NB.

Now he plans to send a letter of intent. He'd say
that he would be holding workshops at Noisebridge, as
a venue. He'd also say that he will try to become a
member.

Tom asks if anyone has any objection to mentioning Noisebridge as a venue.

Kelly feels a biiiit weird about it. In principle, it's fine, but she doesn't see why it's necessary.

Walter says it's not *necessary*, but he'd like to mention it.

Miloh says you should just do it. Far bigger deals have happened without permission.

Danny and others suggested that Walter should maybe talk to people about how he plans to do this, because there are a few bits to this that might *look* like they'd be good for Noisebridge, but actually Noisebridge might not want (including, responsibility for keeping the project safe, making space for it, accepting the equipment as a donation).

Walter agreed to keep in communication with Noisebridge about this.

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]