Meeting Notes 2012-03-27 
 = Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The XXXth Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[Snail]]

Moderator: [[malaclyps]]
 
== Introduction and Names ==

The meeting was attended by unicorns, lots and lots of unicorns, and some small badgers wearing bowler hats.

* Danny, has been traveling a LOT. DANNY DON'T LEAVE US AGAIN.
* i am snail
* Kevin, biolinguistics
* Alan, IT security and mushroom DNA sequencing
* Cobolt
* Leif, doesn't like microphones but loves python
* Arturo
* Isis, both are pretty awesome people
* Judy, forensics, eh?
* Setient, wants to be a member
* Matt, open-sourced software
* Jessie, visiting! interviewing in SF
* Kelly, OH TREASURER OUR TREASURER, can talk loudly
* Carlos, awesome stuff
* Nick, just got a job!!! yay
* Eli, artwork, play music
* Mischel
* Krista, plays music, tech support, Texas
* Sean, IT network security, looking for collaboration on projects
* Mike, technowanderererer, not a quartermaster or stockbroker
* Rob 2.0, uhh
* Rayc
* Lily
* Aaron, hacks fabulous things

And all the tech security people did a dance.

== Short Announcements ==

dasodjfweraw;fjsdfoijewa

Discussion Items Upcoming:
* Kitchen
* Prodigal Children of Noisebridge

Short Announcements:
* MUSHROOMS in the chamber of not-secrets! They glow in the dark!! We also have a ton of oyster mushroom spawn. Mushroom RAVE.
* We hooked up the old EEG medical amp to an arduino, and Kelly has these numbers! Ask her if you want to see these numbers, too. She's going to have a lot of fun with this and show everybody. Long-term goal: Put on the cap, plug it in, and get a signal at the end which can be used as a control for stuff.

== New or Stale Events ==

* Tonight: Grey hat hackers meetup!
* Hacker Campout in August: Cheap Tickets until May; some hacker thing or somthin
* Vegan Food Hacking tonight! It's over!

== [[Membership Binder]] ==

* Sean
* Blake
* Daniel
* Harold
* Carlos!
* Setient

* Carlos is up for membership this week!
* Leif asks him how he would solve all the problems with CAs or something. I stopped paying attention because of a daydream about tsunamis, sorry. Shit, I missed like two other questions.
* He knows Java is not JavaScript. Also, the problem with PHP is not the language but the people who write the language.
* He is not a rockstar.

[discussion]
* Perl hacking is retro.

* IT IS THE DECISION OF CONSENSO, though Consenso may currently be offline it is omnipotent and present, THAT CARLOS IS A MEMBER OF NOISEBRIDGE.

== Financial Report ==

* Setting up a payment gateway is a huge buttfucking hassle, and sales people for the payment gateway are supposed to contact Kelly and are not doing this timely. She may decide to push for the payment gateway that is the least hassle. More details of payment gateways on the [[Treasury]] page.

* Funds in bank: $19,566.33.

* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
** There are $2851.23 earmarked NoiseTor funds
** Colo service has been paid through Apr 7, 2012
** There are enough funds to pay for an additional 3 months of colo
** This information was updated at Tue Mar 27 00:30:02 2012

== Consensus items ==

* The treasurer is permitted to spend the money required to accept payments with anything other than PayPal, incorporating an initial startup fee not to exceed $400, followed by a monthly fee not to exceed $100.
* THIS ITEM MEETS THE APPROVAL OF CONSENSO.

DELAYED:
* Fiscal sponsorship of the ZINE. No ZINE peoples is here this week to talk about it. ZiP.

=== Proposals for next week ===

* None.

== Discussion Items ==

Zine folks will not be present but a short description of fiscal sponsorship is on /zine

malaclyps: THE NOISEBRIDGE COURT OF DRAMA IS NOW IN SESSION.

* {dramatic reading of Zak's letter} [drama details redacted from notes] Mediation will occur between parties.

* Kitchens.

* Rob 2.0 is here. He still needs to go through mediation before he's supposed to be here outside of meetings.

== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to it's rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker or robot.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]