Meeting Notes 2011-11-22 
 == HOWTO run a meeting. ==

Pick a moderator, and a note-taker. The note-taker should:

* write notes in this page, put them back up online when they're done,
* edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is decided to be up for consensus next week (stuff raised for consensus this week should be publicised for a final decision next week)
* edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was consensed or failed to consense this week.
* tell treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members.

Moderator should:
* make sure everyone gets a chance to speak
* speak minimally themselves
* keep the meeting moving! you're in charge of summarising the consensus, and/or suggesting things that need to be done!
* get the membership binders and ensure they are returned to the black desk

== Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 188th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Shannon

Moderator: Jim
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!&lt;BR>

Walter is reapplying for the grant project to make auto-stereoscopic(no-glasses) 3D displays for art, ie Hologlyphics.

=== New or Stale Events ===

Is there anything new happening at the space?
Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: 


=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

=== Consensus items ===

2011-11-15	Will	That Noisebridge pays money out of general funds for a cleaner for a continuing period of six months at a rate of $145 per month	Danny

=== Discussion Items ===


=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

=Meeting Minutes=
* Jim moderates and does his usual fabulous job.
* Shannon takes notes

===Names:===

* A roaming european guy
* a random american girl
* Another a random traveling guy from Metalab
* A Random English Person
* There is only Zuul
* Tom, who fights for the user
* Hannah
* Sarah, here for her friend david
* Tymon who represents an autonumouos corporate entity
* Happy (aka robert)
* Chris, unemployed hacker
* Max, from Noisebridge
* Zephyr, from noisebridge
* Jeffery, participating
* Rubin, like the sandwich.

===Short Announcements===

Tymon is starting a startup right now, and he wants you to sign a contract.

Walter, who wants a grant for 3d glasses, wants to work with Noisebridge (does not want to

Jefferey wants to donate a projector, would like help keeping it safe.

Kaya thinks he is eminently qualified to lead this effort.

===New or Stale Events===

Jefferey is teaching a front-end web developement class Monday nights at 8 Python class is going again, we think Monday at 7:30 (maybe)

Every night we have Hackupy, talk to Rubin -- Occupy Everywhen!

Thanksgiving Turkey at Noisebridge, logistics to be discussed after the meeting.  Cooking starting at 1:00pm

===Money===
No updates from our treasurer, from our last meeting Everything Is Good, except that Noisetor sucks.

===Membership===
Nobody is up for membership.

===Consensus===
====The cleaning issue.  Will Noisebridge continue to pay for a cleaner?====

WSargent talks us through the history of the cleaning service.  Drone Drone Drone.  He has a lovely voice but god it goes on and on.  I'm falling asleep.  How come everything wsargent talks about sounds like a regretable tragedy?  He should narate disaster porn.

Many people say Noisebridge  has been cleaner lately, but the general idea is that it's cleaner because we're cleaning it more, not because of cleaning service.

I ask if there has been a catalytic effect?  Wsargent says that yes, it has, and takes the oportunity to drone some more.  God it's a hypnotic voice.

Metalab has suggestions:  1.  Ten minute Hate - lights blink at 10 to 12 and everybody ceans for 10 minutes.  2.  The night before the cleaning lady comes, they have a de-clutter (an email goes out)

Robert strongly feels that we should form a team, spend $35 per week to make food for people who will clean on Saturday.  He volunteers to lead it.

I ask if Metalab is of similar layout to noisebridge, am answered at length "yes."

Tom does not come here to clean, and we should pay for it if possible, if it will do any good.

Tymon was born to be involved solving this problem.  He proposes that we optimize our money investment spening which will do our best for the excellence of Noisebridge, by paying members SF minimum wage to do so. Rubin and I explain why we haven't done this before.

A former cleaning lady is in favor of paying a cleaning service.

Rubin doesn't feel that the question as to whether the cleaning service made a difference has been answered.  Wsargent believes that it has.  He drones more.  Rubin feels there are two problems:  the grime, which the cleaning service does, and the clutter, which is our problem.  Rubin proposes that Rob's cleaning service be tried in conjunctin with the traditional cleaning service.  Rubin promises to kick down $120 for three months of Rob's cleaning service.

Rob proposes to write up a "how to clean" document.

Rubin wants Wsargent to make sure the mailing list is notified when, before and after, the cleaning service is here.  Wsargent agrees.

The number of former cleaning people at Noisebridge is astounding.

The consensus item is:

'''Noisebridge pays money out of general funds for a cleaner for a continuing period of three months at a rate of $145 per month; additionally, Rob will do a bi-weeklky declutter, coordinated with the arrival of the cleaning people, with lunch paid for by Rubin at a rate of $20 per session; additiionally, Ben will clean at the oposite end of the monthly cycle from the cleaners, again coordinating with Rob.'''

Florian notes that having cleaning tools prominent will help people be able to clean casually.

'''Consensus passes.'''

===Discussion items===

Shannon talks about doocracy in building up the shop and classroom walls. He asks for volunteers and for donated funds for building supplies. Happening Thanksgiving weekend.

Rob says we have sheetrock here.

Kaya suggests if people want to help between now and Friday, moving things away from the walls so we can get over them.

Shannon: We need money and we need eople here this weekend, please come. Going to need to rent a nail gun, buy lumber mud and tape.

Rob says to send out an email for help and tool donations

People can go talk to Shannon about this item after the meeting

There is stuff sitting at Noisebridge which should be tossed, says Rob.
Rubin asks him to send mail to the list.

Kaya brings up the member shelves, and how people should clean out their
member shelves.  I say that stuff in the aisles should be thrown away.

Florian from Chaos Computer Club wants to talk about Occupy, Germany, CCC,
the US and Noisebridge.  Rubin wants to talk to him.

Jake brings up Noiseland; you should read the Noiseland page on the wiki.
Also, Jake asks to borrow an ODB2 reader, and someone I've never seen
before leans out from behind the member shelves and offers to loan him one.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]