Meeting Notes 2014-02-25 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.
These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 000th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: FIXME YOUR NAME HERE; Moderator: FIXME THEIR NAME HERE.
* Ban Robin consensus decision discussed, will be back for further discussion next week.
* Banning of Lee discussion

= Short announcements and events =

* Fractals at Noisebridge tonight
* Protest Chris Inglis, NSA Deputy Director at the 4 Seasons Hotel, 757 Market on Wednesday, February 26 at 6:30 PM. Sponsored by Code Pink.
* Digital currancy maker with website

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* The name of the applicant, the week of their application, and their sponsors.
* Hephestus, W4+, Al, Will, Ron
* Kate K, W4+, Al
* Qbit, W2,
* Howard T, W2, 

= Financial Report =
$28,648.94

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

=== Ban RAYC permenently or for X seconds ===

=== Publish member list on git repo ===

Deferred

=== Proposal to change the consensus process ===

Should be rewritten as a pull request
Language is old, needs to be brought up to date
There should be a quarom for consensus to occur
    Should be a seperate proposal

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

===  Ban kyle, johnny, kara ===

Blood on syrenges found on the floor
People in the darkroom and bathroom for hours before this was 

=== Only members can join the council ===

Refactor the policy to say member everywhere besides the block privillage
Tabled for further discussion

=== Affirm policies in git repo ===

Should affirm the initial state of the repository

=== Ban Robin ===

N0_Hat has been on this for a while
N0_Hat reads out concerns with Robin's behaviour
[https://noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2014-February/042574.html See nb-discuss post]
Qbit reads an independent list of concerns with Robin's behaviour
Robin responds:
    I don't use racial slures
    I am enthusiastic about being a council member, not abusing power
    I have been in coflict with N0_Hat, and we do not share space at Noisebridge
    I have never asked anyone to leave
John feels harrassed by Robin
Robin asked to leave until next week's meeting
Phil expresses concerns with Robin's behaviour
Mediation has happend and failed
    Robin disagrees, would like to see more mediation

=== House Rules ===

Add stairwells (back and side) to out-of-bounds list
Add exception in case of emergency situations
Asking someone to leave may put them in harms way. Ex 4am
Short naps not the worst thing
Be excellent or leave, Noisebridge is not a space to be policed
Define napping, 5 hours?
    From biorythm perspective a nap is 24 minutes
Add comments to git document as needed


= Discussion Notes =

== Conflict resolution and Lee ==

Lee comes and requests resolution
Tom explains the concern
    Ex Lee sent 15 emails in 4 months
Consensus process abused in Lee's banning
Lee reiterates the story:
    In November, Lee made an edit to the Noisebridge wiki
    Tom undid the edits without comment
    Lee asked Tom why
    Tom responds that Lee should only edit typos on the 'Membership' page    
    Lee made edits to tyops on said page
    Tom removed Lee's wiki privs to edit said page
    Danny restored Lee's wiki privs
    Lee tried reaching Tom on the wiki, private email, noisebridge-discuss email, phone call
        Lee was seeking to understand the conflict
    In the beginning of January, Lee commented on Tom's organizing the feminist bookclub at noisebridge
Tom took the actions, with regard to wiki privs, that a reasonable person would take
Tom claifies the story
    The level of importance of the interaction on the wiki much less than the level of importance of the events the followed
    Tom made an email to the noisebridge-discuss list describing the actions to remove wiki privs
    Tom asked Lee not to contact him anymore on the phone
    Tom did not reply to any of Lee's emails
Tom describes the harrassment practice of boundry testing to the group
Consensus recap:
    Jan 21 consensus proposed, not discussed
    MCT offers mediation
    2 weeks tabled
    week 3 no discussion
    week 4 consensus
        people not present at the meeting that should have been there
There a weakness in the consensus process that given a queue it is difficult to predict when an item will be consensed
    Should be solved with policy
Much discussion ensues
Agreed to come back to this item after we handle N0_Hat's proposed bannings...
To be continued next week. Lee asked not to come back next week.

== Noisebridge BoD Elections ==
Dan
    Enjoy Noisebridge creative community
    Teaching, leanring, etc.
    Depart from tradition?
        Strong supporter of tradition. leave it up to others.
    Override consensus?
        No
Naomi
    Been apart of Noisebridge community since 2009
    Plans to do next to nothing
    Depart from tradition?
        Somewhere in the middle, go with the flow.
    Override consensus?
        No
Madalynn
    Make Noisebridge a place to build new shit
    Nb should be a safe space for people come come and be creative
    Depart from tradition?
        Strong favor to depart from tradition.
        Council should guide vision.
    Override consensus?
        No
Tom
    Spend time improving Noisebridge
    Noisebridge not served by do-ocracy
    Put people on the spot to do things
    Board should be responsible for ensuring that things get done &lt;up to code>
    I do tasks as secretary,t he board should have tasks too
    Depart from tradition?
        Good reasons for the board to meet more often.
        Primary decision making should be consensus process.
    Override consensus?
        Only if the consensus asked me to break the law
    
= Attendance =
* Tom
* Charlie
* John
* Bill
* Chad
* Mikey
* Lee
* Chris
* Madalynn
* RAYC
* Brandon
* Ari
* Norman
* John
* Josh
* Naomi
* Phil
* MCT
* V
* Monad
* Robin

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.