Meeting Notes 2013-02-19 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 254th Meeting of Noisebridge].

Note-taker: [[user:flamsmark|Tom]]; Moderator: [[user:leif|Leif]].



= Short announcements and events =
* Francesco has a series of '''paintings''' he wants to hang on the wall, ideally in Turing. [There was some discussion of aesthetics and security.]
* Jake &amp; Jof are working on a '''keypad for the top of the stairs'''. Soon, you will need a code to buzz the door open.
* Let's donate some things (mice) to '''Community Art Center''' at 1000 Market!
* Justin (linkreincarnate@gmail.com) needs playtesters for his metroidvania style game '''Old School'''.
* '''[https://cryptopartysf.org Cryptoparty II: Enciphered Boogaloo]''' is happening on March 23 at Langton Labs. Do you know someone who needs to learn these skills? Have them [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dEdJaTI0OWJEbXAyR3JFLVhlNldvQXc6MQ sign up]! Have skills to share? There's a [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dFVXTEU1WXdMVkhlMm9aWUY0RFNlSlE6MQ form for that] too!
* Ryan ('''yes, that Ryan''') is wants to make a network of virtual machines to use for teaching and penetration testing.
* These '''hard drive enclosures''' are part of a fund-raising project. Talk to [[user:miloh|Miloh]] to help with this. If you want one, only take one from a damaged box.
* Noisebridge's '''Annual General Membership Meeting''' is next week. Come to the Tuesday meeting next week to cast your ballot for the board, and talk about the officers for this year.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* James "'''JC'''" Cooper. Week 4+. Sponsors: Danny; Linkreincarnate.
* Nick "'''heatxsink'''" Granado. Week 2. No sponsors.
* '''Kevin Schisser'''. Week 3. No sponsors.

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: '''$14227.50'''. This is not enough.
* Noisetor balance: $200

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
No items were decided this week. The FOIA discussion was postponed for time reasons.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
No items were proposed for consensus this week.

= Discussion Notes =

== Ryan's behavior ==

=== Preface ===

Mitch posted [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2013-February/034669.html the following] to [[noisebridge-discuss]] on Tuesday 2013-02-19:

&lt;blockquote>Ryan was here tonight.  He said he was at the meeting last week, but left early.  I asked him why he came without discussing matters at the meeting first.  He argued in a raised, excited voice.  After some non-useful back-and-forth, I lost it.  I told him he had to leave.  After much ado, he left.  Leif and others who will be at the meeting were present for this unfortunate occurrence.&lt;/blockquote>

&lt;blockquote>It seems to me that Ryan doesn't belong at Noisebridge.  He does do something with servers here, which may be some sort of hacking.  He also sleeps here.  And he lies when confronted with this.  He's also agro about his sense of entitlement about being at Noisebridge.  If others at he meeting think he belongs at Noisebridge, then I would find that unfortunate, but this is up to people at the meeting.  And, unfortunately, I can't be there tomorrow night.  Ryan said he would be at the meeting.&lt;/blockquote>

See also [[Meeting Notes 2013 02 12#Discussion Notes|the notes]] from last week's discussion, and Mitch's [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2013-February/034588.html previous email] on this topic. Ryan did not participate in last week's meeting.

=== Discussion ===

An animated conversation ensued. '''Ryan was instructed to leave'''. He was instructed not return for any reason at any time. An advocate of his may arrange mediation with those who have taken issue with his behavior. 

== Cameron ==

Cameron was asked to leave on Sunday after he was seen picking up a phone which did not seem to be his. Cameron initially refused to leave and was not polite about it. Rob rapidly persuaded Cameron to leave. Rob has previously found Cameron investigating the member shelves in manner that appeared less than above board. Cameron states that he was searching for his own lost property on the hacker shelves.

A heated discussion ensued, pitting fact against counterfact. '''Nothing is certain now; all is flux.'''


= Attendance =
* Leif is moderating, and python geek
* Jake
* Francesco
* Kevin
* Cliff
* Johan
* Philippe
* Ryan
* Justin
* Justin
* Melissa
* Snail
* Tom
* Hannah
* JC
* Naomi
* MCT
* Cameron
* Jeffrey
* Mike
* Monad
* Kyle
* Rob
* Nick

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]