Meeting Notes 2012-04-10 
 hi notes from noisebridge meeting..  feel free to collaborate improve or ruin these notes.


= Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 211th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: http://piratepad.net/7PbZDGZRyl

Moderator: Danny
 
== Introduction and Names ==
* Danny - moderating, hacking on consenso, helping bloggers in his day job
* Mark - aka hipe, working on stuff in the space, putting office supplies in the kitchen, hacking. nice pen and paper now attached to the disk.  Challenging the assertion that we can't have nice things here.
* Miloh - what is the application where people sketch on things? Sketch anyone?
* Sean - working on TV/web show about startups
* Jesse - just took a laser out of a cdrw drive, put it in a flashlight.
* Kevin - learning about circuits and electionics, built a op amp
* Rayc - still learning python, defined his first function that pulled another function from it, python is aweseom
* Matt - learning about geospatial databases
* Leif - doing stuff with python coroutines
* Joe - new to NB, new to ruby, working on curses and the terminal
* Martin - building circuits with an LM339 chip
* Brian - here to hack the planet
* Isis - working on censorship detection tools (censorship blows)
* Hellais - from italy, is hacking on censorship.
* Nic- 3D Printed brackets for an open seating design project known as WikiSeat
* &lt;anonymous>: configuring and understanding the bash environment and a self guided version of that.
* John: here to emerge myself in technology in different aspects of life, today to be part of the noisebridge community. a project that I am working on is setting up the coffee machine.
* mathew: working on a game to combine complexity science and condense them into a video game.
* John: HE has all the answers
* Mike:  Techno Wanderer
* Kelly: Thinks this was the worst idea.  &lt;/really?yes.no>

== Short Announcements ==

Happenings in space that we should be aware:
* Getting the coffee machine to get howired to power
* Matthew is going to have a gamedev jam here.

== New or Stale Events ==

* Someone dropped off toorcamp swag:
** posters
** smore's parts kit &amp; assembly instructions
** fliers
** usb "octopus"-style hub
Last (first) [[Toorcamp]] was awesome, probably this one will be too. Noisebridge people are going.

WE need  people to help make 3 pyramids of ƧIИƎԀ at Toorcamp
https://xkyle.com/wp-content/uploads/DCAM0008.jpg

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: 20 307.09
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
**    There are $2192 earmarked NoiseTor funds
**    Colo service has been paid through May 7, 2012
**    There are enough funds to pay for an additional 2 months of colo
**    This information was updated at Tue Apr 10 09:30:02 2012

* Kelly is almost ready to go with beanstream as our new payment processor.
Sounds like Beanstream has better support than the alternatives.  
Kelly would like to talk to the people who pay noisebridge with bank transfers to see what they want. Q: Who are they?
rip xero a new one.

Summary: This reconciliation thing has got to be dealt with.




ok we are about to view this thing: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-k91-rLPLA
I won't be on this tab.  Loopholes hell, this is a hackhole
a great big /dev/nono  

We don't *HAVE* to watch this.  
BUT we DO.  

And so it goes.

Zoning out.  Is there a way to have a sucessful mediation? Rayc doesn't think so.

[...]


== Consensus items ==

=== Proposals from last week ===

=== Proposals for next week ===


== Discussion Items ==

* Maker Faire
* HOPE

== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
who has a PGP key?  --------> brian?  do you have one?  martin?  do you? WHAT?  
* Return the [[membership binder]] to it's rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker or robot.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]

(_) | |__  _   _ _ __ _ __   ___  __| |  _ __ ___  _   _
| | | '_ \| | | | '__| '_ \ / _ \/ _` | | '_ ` _ \| | | |
| | | |_) | |_| | |  | | | |  __/ (_| | | | | | | | |_| |
|_| |_.__/ \__,_|_|  |_| |_|\___|\__,_| |_| |_| |_|\__, |
                                                   |___/
           _
 ___ _ __ | | ___  ___ _ __
/ __| '_ \| |/ _ \/ _ \ '_ \
\__ \ |_) | |  __/  __/ | | |
|___/ .__/|_|\___|\___|_| |_|
    |_|

 ____
&lt; ow >
 ----
  \                 __
   \               (oo)
    \              (  )
     \             /--\
    () __()        / \  \
      UooU\.'@@@@@@`.\  )
      \__/(@@@@@@@@@@) /
           (@@@@@@@@)((
           `YY[[Special:Contributions/96.126.98.79|96.126.98.79]] 04:40, 11 April 2012 (UTC)YY' \\
            ||    ||   >>