Meeting Notes 2013-02-05 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 252nd Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Ken M. Haggerty; Moderator: Danny O'Brien.
* '''Today was a boring meeting.'''

 
= Short announcements and events =
* Went through Events calendar to clean out stale events
* '''[https://cryptopartysf.org Cryptoparty II: Enciphered Boogaloo]''' is happening on March 23 at Langton Labs. Go sign up to [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dEdJaTI0OWJEbXAyR3JFLVhlNldvQXc6MQ learn] or [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/viewform?formkey=dFVXTEU1WXdMVkhlMm9aWUY0RFNlSlE6MQ teach]!
* Corey is speaking at Borderlands.

* Clock has disappeared from Pole 3(?)
* Robert is taking break from NB :-( will be present once a month; will write what he does for NB so others can step up
* Casey: Donate money for vinyl + vinyl cutter!
* Art auction? Contact Dan! App hackathon? (whom to contact?)
* Milo + Joe(?) are working on SEM; has been moved into the science room; email the list for info!

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Ka-'''Ping''' Yee ([https://twitter.com/zestyping @zestyping] [http://zesty.ca zesty.ca]). Week 3. Sponsor: MCT.
* [[User:Reverend_Mik|Reverend Mik]] McAllister. Week 4. No sponsors. (not present)
* James "'''JC'''" Cooper. Week 4. Sponsor: Danny. (not present)
* Kevin Schiesser: Week 0!

Up for consideration:
* Thomas Harper: Week 4. Carl sponsors! Also one other person (but forgetting name :S) (present!) - Added!

= Financial Report =
* Kelly emailed further updates!
* Funds in bank: $13,411.77 &lt;-- still low!
* Noisetor balance: (what is this??)

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
* FOIA Consensus Item (Tom) - Tom is not present; we will discuss next week and consent the week after.
* 2013 Board Elections (General) - Holding off because 5 applicants for 5 slots.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
* FOIA discussion tabled to next week.
* Board election discussion tabled to next week.
= Discussion Notes =

== Board Elections ==
* Danny nominates Ping and Jonathan Moore.
* Someone nominates Rachel McConnell.
* Adding Leif back in and will find a way not to make it a conflict of interest.
* Someone nominated Jake Spaz and Jake Applebaum.
* Danny nominates Robert!
* Someone nominates Yan.
* Danny nominates Thomas!
* Someone nominates Casey.

== Fundraising ==
* Thought about proposing consensus proposal to solicit donations from companies and individuals but did not end up proposing.

= Attendance =
* Danny O'Brien
* Ken
* Felipe
* Thomas: wants to quit day job, nonprofit for artistic youth to quit day job and be self supportive; also filming music video, casting for extras
* Kevin: has been at NB for a couple of months; software hacking, learn data science, math, stats, hoping to become a member!
* Max: JS in Oakland but hanging out in SF, lots of open source
* Nicolo: Grad student in Wisconsin (visiting), working at subsidiary of 3d systems, visiting Max
* Dan: NB for a few months, making himself home at NB &amp; studying strange dynamics of NB hackerspace :-)
* Carl: Has been at NB for a while, iPhone apps + timebanks (?) software, wants to start new open source project to take down FB
* Robert: does stuff
* Trav: silent radio station, fixed couch, online democracy
* Josh: musical stuff
* Monad: tinker
* Ping: hanging out, programmer, 5mof, Chrome extension to liberate core documents (?)
* Casey: vinyl cutter!

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]