Meeting Notes 2009-04-28 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: nils
* Notes: dr jesus

= Agenda Items =
== Announcements ==
* What Noisebridge is about.
* The Names
* Treasurer's report
=== Project Updates ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* Pyclass (Monday at 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Thursdays, 83c)
* Natural Language Corners
* Cyborg Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]]
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]] now accepting submissions for May
* DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge
* Potential [http://wiki.openamd.org/Main_Page OpenAMD] deployment
* Go on Sunday 3pm

== Consensus Items ==
* Purchasing [[Soldering Badges]] -nils
* [[Removing Membership]] -rachel

=== Membership Binder ===
* Reading Names
* New member approvals

== Discussion topics ==

* Club Mate - Anyone from NB involved?
* What preparedness measures are we taking to protect Noisebridge against the Swine Flu pandemic?
** Require wearing of masks in the space?
** DIYBio fridge returning to hold vaccines.
** Wash all surfaces with bleach or other chemical disinfectant daily?
** Everyone should go vegan!
** Procedure to ban those displaying flu symptoms?
** Keeping bacon in the Noisebridge fridge.
** Cyborg group wants to make a bracelet that vibrates when someone infected is near by.
** Continuing search for new underground location to move Noisebridge into, take up arms.
** New project license Open Sores for Flubuntu 13.4 STD Sickly Swine.
** Bring religion to 83c to fight the pandemic?
* [[ToorCamp]]!
* [[Soldering Badges]]

= Notes =
* Please follow the format kindly made by [[User:Turkshead|Turkshead]] and used in [[Meeting Notes 2009 04 14]] when adding items.
* At the end of the meeting I'll ask for volunteers to lead the next meeting.
* Christie has volunteered to lead the next meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]