Meeting Notes 2015-05-26 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 360th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Kevin; Moderators: Patrick.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''

= Introductions =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>
* Introduce any experimental or unusual moderation techniques that may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):
** What's your name
** What do you do
** What do you maintain at Noisebridge?
** if you are new: how did you hear about Noisebridge?

* Dave - calligrapher/carver
* Dan - counts meeting notes, attended ~100
* Jade - tutor python, go to neurohacking
* Henner - Binge coding motion control system
* Kevin - taking notes, attends neurohacking
* Steve - software developer
* Mordici - teaches hacking neurobiology with selves CISS
* Nikita - into donation based orgs, model spiritual retreat center after noisebridge
* Carl - Serpinski triangle in QBASIC
* David - Plant nursery hacking, wrtiting
* John - Utah hackerspace, visting
* Dominque - interested in mathmatical modeling in Python
* Joe - developer
* Chirstopher - hacks plants, circuits and more
* Frank - wireless data transmissions
* Merry - Applied for membership, first meeting, been coming for a while, muscian, drummer, learning unity, absorb as much knowledge as possible
* Torrie - human, coming to Noisebridge for about a year, donate money
* Patrick - software engineer, hack infrastructure, cataloging dead tree book collection

= Short announcements and events =
* Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!
* Any happenings at the space of which members should be made aware.
* Don't hog everyone's time since we all just want to hack!

* Calligraphy print making project a great success. Will be in the show at the library June 13th. Will be writing a book on the discoveries of the technique. Reception June 14th at the Main Library. Thanks to Noisebridge for use of beautiful, beautiful microscope.
* Next Wednesday will be an art and technology meetup. 19:30. With Software Art. See wiki for details.
* Ladder in Fox lounge must be accessable per landlords request. Marked a decouchafied zone.
* Servicing fire extinguisher tomorrow.
* Building sprinklers will be tested soon.
* 5MoF happend last week. Great success. Next up, June 18th. tdfischer@hackerbots with talks. Woops themed.
* Animal rights group party at Noisebridge last week.
* June 1st, 19:30-21:30 @ Omnicron in Oakland. Transitional economics. Alternatives to current fincial system. Gift economies. Donation based financing projects. Space for people to come together to figure out how to create liberated zones. Open source, barder and trade.
* Free software, free culture unconference. One day. At Noisebridge. Planning meeting @ Noisebridge 19:30ish this Thursday. Hoping for 30-50 people. freecon.us for details. Planning and logisitics.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to describe''' [[membership]], and the application process.
&lt;blockquote>Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community and space better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Mark down a check or other indicator on every open application to keep track of how many weeks they've been read out.
* Anyone eligible to join this week should
** introduce themselves,
** answer any questions members may have for them, then
** leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime, or cookies) for the rest of the group.
* The rest of the meeting should reach consensus on whether they may join.
* Remember to applaud new members when they return.

Does membership mean 24hr access? &lt;br>
Yes, but there are other ways to be entrusted with 24hr access.

* Meridith Baker -- 1 sponsor, Alex, week 1.

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $32,097.80 (June rent not paied yet)
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): of the total, $10-11,000
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials

= Consensus and Discussion =

* '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]
* It is important that everyone in attendance understands at least:
** Blocking with verbalized principled objections.
** Why we use consensus over other approaches to decision making.
** How consensus isn't a legislative process
** Why consensus isn't applicable to some things like conflict resolution, resolution of time sinks, and the like.

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which are consensed upon or someone has raised a principle objection for to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

=== Camera in the space ===

There is a camera in the space. Who made the decision? Why was the decision made? Was there consensus?&lt;br>

Rubin and Patrick put in a camera streamming to 2169.noisebridge.net/asciicam there to solve the problem of knowing if the space is open or not.&lt;br>
The camera is mounted on top of the server rack.&lt;br>

Dave: In a place that's been at the forefront of protesting against NSA and live invasions, to call ourselves an anarchist space, it can be guessed 60% who is who, I have a problem with it. Possibly invades our privacy, should have been brought up before installation.&lt;br>
Steve: The use case, to tell when someone is in the space, is a great use case. Fuzzification a really good and honorable attempt. But, given NB emphasis on anonimity on privacy, this attempt is not good enought. I object to the camera in the space. I allying with the core tenants of NB, that's not good enough. If I were in a position of power, I could do some damage with that feed.&lt;br>
Torrie: Background prompting camera, Pegasus talks alot, someone unplugged the speakers. There was a lock on the cabinet, someone circumvented the lock to break into the rack and unplug the speaker. Millions of other ways to mute the speakers. Can write a script to mute Pegasus. Camera not recording. To address pervasive servaillence, does not see the doorway of the elevator. Trivial to sneak past it. Could get around the camera, Ex put a cup over it. 5 or so people have access to the server that the camera is hooked up to. Concerns are unfounded.&lt;br>
Josh: Regarding security.. if you're concerned about the people who run noisebridge spying on you, how do you know there's not some other camera running?
Dave: Torrie has every right to be pissed off about the speakers being unplugged. Has been theft at NB over the years. Cupping the camera does not resolve the situation. I shouldn't have to feel like I'm sneaking around in the space. I would reconsider my position if the image was futher blurred. Frankly, I would have a problem of trust with people who did something like that without informing people at the table.&lt;br>
Torrie: PoI, 2x speakers unplugged.
Nikita: That thing doesn't solve any security problem, super blurry, not pointed at the box. Object of aggitation. The problem of determining if someone is in the space is a good problem to work on. Other tools exist, motion detectors, heat detectors. Camera can be replaced with something more appropriate that does not comprimise others concers.&lt;br>
Dan: Experiencing a range of reactions. Several issues that have been brought up. Couple nuanced responses. Starting to feel a little concerned. Not about the NSA keeping tabs on NB. Concerned about the vibe at NB, and the principle of the thing. Don't piss on my leg and tell me that it's raining. There is a little parallel construction. Is the motivation to see who's in the space or who's unplugging the speakers? Honest about gut level reaction. We are a social experiement, and here we are resorting to survailence and parallel construction. Other solutions exist.&lt;br>
Torrie: Who has a laptop? Who has a cell phone? Who knows all the software/firmware running on thoes? &lt;br>
Kevin: More optimal solutions to the question that do not violate our privacy: Is Noisebridge open? Ex a switched wired to a beakon the noisebridge.net&lt;br>
Patrick: First pass&lt;br>
Henner: could blur the image more. could also physically burl the image by putting pigment on the lens. also, I have a see thermal camera at home that could be used as well. &lt;br>
Steve: put it on noisebridge.net and reduce the resolution.&lt;br>
Dave: seems like a hightech solution to lowtech problem. get a bowl of black marbles and a white dish. put a camera on the dish. put a black marble in the white dish when someone is in the space.&lt;br>
Alex: I was here at 6AM several times. Wanted to unplug the speaks because they were singing the free software song. Trolled for 30-40mins. Get out multitool and cause havoc. saw the sign to mute http://pegasus/mute someone could put software on the server in th emiddle of the night. if the goal is to monitor the caibnet, put the camera in the cabinet.&lt;br>
Patrick: Not state of the art. horrible thing.&lt;br>
Henner: there's enough concern. lets smear pigment on the lens for the time being.&lt;br>
Dave: slippery slope having a camera in the space. should come to some kind of consensus and disabled until then.&lt;br>

=== Fixing audio speakers ===

Tabled

=== Centralized list of people with expertise ===

Tabled

Wiki 'skill share' page&lt;br>
Can ask Noisebridge discuss&lt;br>

If any important discussion happens, it should be happening after forward progress is made during consensus.

= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]