Meeting Notes 2012-07-03 
 = Agenda =
[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 223rd Meeting of Noisebridge]
Note-taker: Snail
Moderator: Leif
 
== Introduction and Names ==
*Leif likes python software
*Not really is kinda lame and plays with things that blink and stuff
*Hao is building robots and wants to start with that noisebot [MC Hawking]
*Snail HHICcups
*Thomb really enjoys snails creative notetaking and am glad we are taking notes into an etherpad anyone can edit
*Joseph Machine learning, Ruby an rails and bitcoin
*Mike works on Fridays on DEEPHACK, digital spelunking
*Jake works on MC HAWKING and a nuclear analyzer
*Daniella just a membero f the community
*Chris; works on mathematics projects
*Dylan video projects
*Alan CS student, learning Java and likes to learn C++
*John does all sortsof things
*Claudia is on her way to Africa!! and will probably be teaching Excel
*Carl writing iphone apps and eating cookies
*Cynthia, background in medicine
*Nick, like to bring consenso into the physical realm
*Eric bangs on things like bongos
*Christopher from the Hackeria space in Norway
== Short Announcements ==
* French lessons will be 5 - 7 on Saturdays now [time change].
* Tom is selling two computers. [ADVERTiseMENT] he knows where the jumpers are
== New or Stale Events ==
*Go Sundays is officially revived!
*No Replicator Wednesday on July 4th or 11th.
== [[Membership Binder]] ==
*Nicholas - potential spambot using a markov chain run against typical membership applications
*Adam
*mischief
*Ryan - week four, has only one sponsor; Tom blocks by proxy for an anonymous member (might be unblocked if Ryan becomes more familiar to the members first)
Jake is up for membership!
Jake is a member!
== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: 16 131.48
**Plus some uncashed checks slightly less than $6k.
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):   
**There are $1663.38 earmarked NoiseTor funds
**Colo service has been paid through Jul  7, 2012 
**There are enough funds to pay for an additional 2 months of colo 
**This information was updated at Tue Jul  3 21:09:02 2012
== Consensus items ==
None.
=== Proposals from last week ===
None.
=== Proposals for next week ===
None.
== Discussion Items =
* Wall painting!
* Should we pursue Thiel foundation grant of $10k.
** We discussed this week and will continue to discuss next week.
== End of Meeting ==
[[Category:Meeting Notes]]