Meeting Notes 2014-04-22 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 310th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Kevin the aloof; Moderator: John.
* 2169 electrical
* RAYC
* Member tier nomenclature
 
= Short announcements and events =
* Jon was here when the building inspector came and the stove was in violation of code
* Naomi open secureconfig Python lib -- peer review request
* Tidy up coming up on Saturday

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Qbit 4+
* Hephestus 4+
* Kate Kligman 4+
* Xavier 3

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: as of 4/18/14 $39,509
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): at least (but probably not greatly more) $10k 

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Revert ban RAYC ===

R was sleeping on the elevator &lt;br>
He's a good guy, has done good things for the space &lt;br>
R has been coming to the space since he was banned &lt;br>
R does not understand his limits imposed by head injury &lt;br>
Give R more empathy &lt;br>
Head injury should not be considered &lt;br>
R broke the ban, we already spent a lot of time on this &lt;br>
R should not be taking on responsibility at Noisebridge &lt;br>
Doesn't sound like R is a danger to others &lt;br>
Could always ban R again in the future &lt;br>
R is helpful late night &lt;br>
R's medical issues should not be a factor in our decision &lt;br>
R volunteered at Noisehack &lt;br>
Is there a situation where R could return conditionally? &lt;br>

=== Discretionary budget for electrical repair ===

The board has started the process of looking for a contractor &lt;br>
A part of the procedure is to go to the city and ask for the list of violations &lt;br>
Makes more sense to get what we need together, then make a request for funds &lt;br>
Need 9 faceplates and electrical tape now &lt;br>
Sid collects $30 to buy faceplates and electrical tape &lt;br>

=== Revert council member tier ===

Change names from 'Council Member' -> 'Member' and 'Member' -> 'Associate Member' &lt;br>
Associate member seems to have stuck as a term &lt;br>
Council member is too lofty &lt;br>

= Discussion Notes =

== Discussion of theft at Noisebridge ==

== Conflict of Interest ==

= Attendance =
* Dan
* Sid
* Kevin
* Eitan
* Adrian
* Daravinne
* Jon
* V
* Bill
* Matthew
* Cynthia
* Josh
* John

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.