Meeting Notes 2011-11-01 
 == HOWTO run a meeting. ==

Pick a moderator, and a note-taker. The note-taker should:

* write notes in this page, put them back up online when they're done,
* edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is decided to be up for consensus next week (stuff raised for consensus this week should be publicised for a final decision next week)
* edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was consensed or failed to consense this week.
* tell treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members.

Moderator should:
* make sure everyone gets a chance to speak
* speak minimally themselves
* keep the meeting moving! you're in charge of summarising the consensus, and/or suggesting things that need to be done!
* get the membership binders and ensure they are returned to the black desk

== Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 185th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: FIXME YOUR NAME HERE

Moderator: FIXME THEIR NAME HERE
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!

=== New or Stale Events ===

Is there anything new happening at the space?
Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: 


=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ===


=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.


== Meeting Notes ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
* Note-taker: Rubin110
* Moderator: SuperQ and Rubin110
* Simon - Really really really crazy about quantified self, bio engineering, 13.3 crazy today, trying to meet crazy people too
* Duncan - 
* Kaya -
* Alex - I make code hero
* Dan - Rides on roller blades
* Jesse
* Grey - Looking sharp
* Kelly
* Leif
* Laura
* Carl

=== New or Stale Events ===

* SF Beta Nov 8, come play code hero
* Angel hack Nov 12, 13, 14

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $20,268.80

Noisebridge is up
Noisetor is up
We are on good shape
Approximately 45 members in good standing

=== Membership Binder ===
* Jonathan Mayer - week 1, signed member: SuperQ
* Kaya Winn - week 2, signed member: Rubin110
* Todd Eisenberger - week 5, no signed members
* Sebastian Layne - week 3, no signed members
* Webster Dorealis? - Week 1, otis signed for the first sponsor, but Kelly stated we have no members by that name
* 
=== Consensus items ===

=== Discussion Items ===

====Switching banks to away from Wellsfargo --Claudia====

Kelly says people can suggest it all they want, but until someone steps up to help the Treasurer, then it's nothing more than a suggestion. Some suggestions of banks have been made. Duncan wants to know what bank fees we have to pay for, but it's not within the scope of Kelly's time. Kelly would like to see research towards switching to another bank. Kelly makes a point that it's really really hard to move away from Wellsfargo. Discussion pushed off to a later date.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]