Meeting Notes 2011-08-16 
 &lt;!-- best practices for meeting notes template.  
 #1 copy the template to the correct date for the upcoming meeting
 #2 edit the meeting notes date to reflect the date of the meeting
 #3 edit the meeting number to reflect the nth meeting of Noisebridge 
 #4 (wish all this was programmatic!)
 #5 this page often 'dead-ends' and is consequently difficult to navigate usefully.  Add and update links in the meeting notes template as necessary to make the notes more dynamic and useful for all
-->

== Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 174th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker:  Danny

Moderator: Gavin
 
=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

Gavin
Tony
Gaian
Danny 
Liz -- web developer
Ed -- I'm here to help!
John -- temporarily conscious
Robert - does stuff
Mike -- technowander, not stock clerk, don't do large infrastructure
Nevada -- just moved here
Stephanie -- just moved here, proofreader
Ramone - student
Duncan -- six weeks, working on wallets

=== Short Announcements ===

Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!

Library was rearranged, could be more efficient
Cleaning in main area
Church classroom cleaning and front area
Miloh + Chris space bridge work, privacy work cubicles
Robert (not Robert Chu, Robert Two) - brought in a server rack, which we're thinking of installing
Tor Noisebridge project is going ahead

=== New or Stale Events ===

Is there anything new happening at the space?

Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?

Ruby might be moving, Danny is asking how we can make their lives more awesome here

German class isn't happening right now, because they are all in German spraching deutsch.

Nevada asks when lock picking happening, we all agreed he was now in charge of it.

Robert suggests a weekly Laser Lounge event.

Drupal amateurs group also!

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: 

Money is good. Repeat good.

=== Membership Binder ===

* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ===

Charles  from KAWL is looking to talk to Noisebridgers!

Tastebridge -- middle of being put together some more. We removed knife racks on the wall, because we're going to put in new dish racks.
building a dedicated cutting board table. I also built a media center keyboard for the media center computer that was donated by John McCabe

Ed recently assigned 60 hours community service for defending his dad's honor (long and interesting story), and he'd like to do it with Noisebridge. He's a great cleaner, and pretty good cook (ex-marine, culinary school). He likes driving most.

Danny talks about the SIngapore manned space mission.

Robert says the Singapore people would like to interview people at Noisebridge.

Nevada said over labor day weekend in Seattle, people are organizing the Radical Mycology conference. Two days of workshops, and then a day of bioremediation project.

We suggested putting the flyers for it ON THE MUSHROOMS (or laser engrave it).

Hactus.com  -- Alex's friend made it, a really good tech site of current events related to hacker culture.

Hackmeet is coming up in October. Hackmeet, October 15-16: radical activism and tech. Talk to hackmeet.org

We had a big clapping thing from Ramone!

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]