Meeting Notes 2012-01-31 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 202nd Meeting of Noisebridge]
and also annual general members meeting.

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps]]

Moderator: [[User:SuperQ]]
 

=== Introduction and Names ===

Rachel is one of the Rachels. 

Kelly  

Snail

Tom please do not vote for him. DELETE TOM

Rubin -- if you showed up in the last month and you think you're the king of noisebridge... you probably are

Jimmy Flowers -- a man of many hats

Ken -- if Ken can't blow it up, no-one can

Zach -- he says hi

Guy who says hi -- hi

Mike waves hi from the screen

Shannon build the walls between us that divide us

Seth and Danny is transcribing what Seth said

Danny is transcribing what Seth said

Leif says similiar

Mike is a technowanderer but not a quartermaster 

Jean-Jacques started with a laptop with viruses, got it fixed

Michel -- he says bonjour

Neil -- Neil says hi

Martyn -- early noisebridger, founder of ATX hackerspace [[also hilarious]]

Adam -- he is someguy

Justin -- I'm Facebooking UNLIKE. He's been coming to NB for the last year.
Right now writing notes on nonviolent communication. He is talking to somebody at Google.

Maddie -- hey!

Robert -- tries to fix more than he breaks

Jesse -- he is a participant/observer.

Kent -- he is a coder



* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Shannon says a movie reference.

Rachel says there is a meeting for horizontalist organisers. March 15-18. Go on wiki and search for 'Unconference'

Maddy says if you have kids 7-12 who want to playtest something, talk to Maddy.

Martyn -- two weeks from now on Tuesday 7PM, he's bringing over the next generation of quadcopters. Feb 14th. 

ADI is tall.

=== New or Stale Events ===

Laser lounging is at 7PM on Thursdays, and is PERSONALLY RECOMMENDED BY SETH.

=== Membership Binder ===

* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

Shannon was out of order, and making movie references.

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: $19511.61 recurring, including Noisetor.

Noisetor (http://noisetor.net/finances/): something near to
three grand.

=== Board election ===

Leif introduced the board election. If you received a message saying you can vote, you can vote. Take a ballot from Leif, and place your ballot in the pink box.

We will keep the ballot open for a week. We really wanted to use cryptography, but you know how it goes.

To vote: vote for as many people as you would like. You can vote for five people, zero people, or however many you like. Just put a mark next to them.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

SuperQ proposes reimbursement for ceiling wire trays, so
that we can eliminate clutter. They are over by the door. The cost was $930.

Adi says that we should not give money out of general fundsfor anything. 

Tom says we should pay for the infrastructure of Noisebridge.

=== Discussion Items ===

==== Noisey Bridge ====

Rayc says he was thinking of having a bike ride together.
Planning a month in advance. Gonna email discuss.

Zach wanted to bring up an issue in the space. The level of amplified music. I've been asking people to turn down the music at midnight-2AM. I feel like this is a workspace, and it's been hard to do work.

Shannon suggested cutting them out.

Kelly says who plays the music. 

Snail says are they the same people.

Kelly says SOUNDS LIKE A CONFLICT TO RESOLVE.

Shannon has a long tradition of telling people who play loud music to fuck off and play somewhere else.

Ken says he didn't know this, and will wear headphones.

Zach says he wanted to bring it up at a meeting is to see if it was a problem for something else, and to ask what is the use of the space.

Andy has a long tradition of playing loud music to get people to go away.

Danny asks if this is a proxy for a concern that people turning out lounging around and not doing stuff.

Zach shrugs.

Rachel says it's important to find clarity.

Rubin stopped caring.

Mike says that there is always the option to use earphones.Speakers turn the music into the preference of one person. 

Justin says basically I didn't know that it was a big of a deal for you as you're now addressing it. There are some people who are just fuckers. I would be down with turning down the music.

Robert also agrees he would turn the music down.

Shannon says is not a space filled with people who feel comfortable initiating social arguments.

Andy says THAT IS NOT TRUE.

Shannon continues to say some hippy stuff.

Kelly says Noisebridge is a place where people are
leaaarrning to interact better. I'd also like to say very
strongly that music being played is a positive thing. And perhaps people should talk to one another.

Mike says what about the music that comes from speakers, but GUITARS.

Danny says GUITARS ARE EVIL under his breath. FUCKING GUITARS. He abuses his notetaker position to complain MORE about GUITARS and the fucking HIPPIES that KEEP PLAYING GUITARS TWONG TWONG TWONG OHHHHHHHH they SING GOD I HATE GUITARS.

Shannon says Noisebridge is a punk rock kind of place, and there is a tradition of smashing guitars.

Ken says that he did not know about the guitar thing, and likes to sing, and play, and wants to be respectful.

Danny says Ken is awesome in the notes.

Zach says thankyou for the conversation. I don't want there
to not be music. My problem is dubstep at 4AM. I work on
music, when I need to do it, I make an announcement to the
space, and play it for five minutes. Justin and Robert have
been accomodating. It's not a personal thing. Just that the overall noise pollution has been increasing.

The moderator declares that between 3AM and 4AM the only music that can be played is Professor Elemental.

Kelly wants to point out the noise is kind of illegal. And there was a family next door.

==== Shannon's Consensus Item ====

Shannon would like to propose NB pay $100 for more keys.

Rubin proposed that if anyone wants a key, you can have a key. Rubin makes a speech about Noisebridge tradition.

Rayc says $0.75 a key. 

Gavin suggests a key-making machine.

Martyn offers to bring a key making machine.

Leif says its a terrible idea. People paying for keys has worked out really well.

Shannon says that NB has paid for it in the past

Leif says that was a long time ago, Old Man.

Dan says there's a machine we can use.

Ross has offered to bring one from Boston.

Rachel says that the whole reason that topics comes up over
two weeks. So she says its bullshit to not talk about
things.

Martyn suggest that we spend $100 on key blanks.

Kelly says she respects Shannon. She is nervous about it,  because of the people sleeping here problem. Thinks that a large influx of keys into the economy at this point might disrupt things.

It is noted that the phone app works. 

==== Campers at NB ====

Correlation between a clean kitchen and people living here, says Rayc.

Justin says "he has not sinned shall cast the first stone", says Justin somewhat incoherently.

Rayc and Justin discuss sleeping here.

Shannon says "don't sleep at noisebridge" loudly.

Martyn says in the past there have been members who have
bent the rules and yet improved things, and made the space
better for others. If you continue to discourage any type of
sleeping, it becomes intense. Martyn has NAPPED ON THE
COUCH.

Rayc says random people are turning up, sleeping, playing
computer games, and eating food, it becomes habitual. Bringng your personal stuff and keeping it here is something different.

Martyn concedes that this is different.

SuperQ confesses to using CCC for a "considerable nap".

Danny wants to know what the Rooster Club was.

Kelly says there has been an ongoing discussion. Some people
think no sleeping. Some people think it's okay for
occasional night sleepovers is okay. So there's no consensus
on practices. But people agree that if there's a one person
problem, it's pretty clear that there's a problem.

There has been some success with individuals confronting
people. But that is stressful for people. We had one person
who was doing it who got very burned out.

So the way that propose is a Rooster Brigade, who will come
early in the morning and collect information. Somebody will
come by on a schedule, and post on the wiki who is sleeping
here.

Shannon strongly disagrees that there is no consensus. Don't sleep at noisebridge.

Zach likes this idea. There's a bunch of people using the
space to watch movies, pass out, and not contribute.

Adam gives the anonymous person who is waking people up a
buck.

SuperQ has been taking photos and uploading it to the Flickr
pool.

Danny takes a straw poll about public photos, private photo
shares, and unarchived photos. People seem broadly in favour
of public photos.

Leif thinks taking people's pictures without consent is not
very friendly. Perhaps you should acknowledge that it's
unfriendly. I don't think you should take pictures.

Kelly commends Leif for not using the word unexcellent. I think photos are unnecessary. We only need enough info for patterns.

Aaron agrees with Leif. If you posted something saying "if
you sleep here, we will take your picture", maybe that would
work.

Kelly likes Leif.

Adam asks if this is really a problem. Everyone says it is.

Zach really sees where Leif is coming from. I will say that it's an invasion of privacy. Maybe there alternatives.

Rachel: if I'm friends with you, I will hit you with duct
tape and orange peel. Rooster brigade is going to form
autonomously, so we should give them guidelines.

Shannon asks a stupid hypothetical question.

Gavin suggests that you wake them up, ask their nicks, and
put their names up.

Seth I remember from an earlier discussion, and that it was
sad that there was a difference between cool people who are
living here and others. I hope we don't perpetuate that artificial division.

Rayc thinks recommendations are important. Missing communication is the problem.

Adam says it may be better to table things for a while.

Justin proposes some sort of CONSENSUS THING

Rachel suggests a timeframe.

Adam suggests we sleep on this. 

Martyn asks if it's okay for the key to be validation for
getting into the Austin hackerspace. 

Everyone suggests just banging on the door and say
"Noisebridge".

Martyn says he's built a key-to-RFID reader. Starting March
6th, if you have Noisebridge key, you can open the ATX space and come in.

Maddie would like to do a large scale mural on the ceiling based on consensus.

=== End of Meeting ===

* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]