Meeting Notes 2012-06-12 
 = Instructions =
* '''Delete these instructions section before posting completed minutes.'''
* Pick a moderator and a note-taker.
* Optionally: pick a membership-binder-wrangler; otherwise the moderator can take care of it.

== Note-taker ==
* Open a text editor to take notes on the major points of the meeting, using this page at the template.
* Project the draft meeting notes and agenda in real time throughout the meeting.
* Edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is proposed for consensus next week.
* Edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was reached consensus or failed to reach consensus this week.
* Post the meeting notes to this page, and email out a summary with a link.
* Tell treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members.

== Moderator==
* Understand the structure of Noisebridge [[consensus|decision-making]]
* Make sure everyone gets a chance to speak.
* Speak only minimally yourself.
* Keep the meeting moving, and avoid getting bogged down.
* Identify discussion items, arrange times limits for talking about each item.
* Identify and summarize consensus, suggest things that need to be done.
* '''Get the [[membership binder]] and ensure that it is returned safely.'''

== Participants ==
* Say your name before you talk.
* Remain on-topic, and speak as concisely as possible.
* Assist the note-taker with any links or corrections that are needed.
* Remain respectful of other participants, their time, and the consensus and moderation process.

= Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 220th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: mischief

Moderator: Kelly

== Introduction and Names ==

* kelly
* tom
* mischief
* leif got a rpi
* snail has a shells
* carl
* morgan
* miloh says move on
* eric
* al
* isis
* alisa
* jake making a radiation detector
* jon neurostuff
* corey makes robots
* nike the technowanderer
* sean has arrived!

== Short Announcements ==

â€“ KinkForAllSanFrancisco2 happening this Saturday.
* kink4all - happening saturday 10am-5pm about the interesection of sexuality and life
* linux101 - on the wiki

== [[Membership Binder]] ==
Blake Griffith is up for membership but is not present.

tom wants to block adam from being a member
tom also wants to block zephyr from being a member.

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: 15458.57
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

== Consensus items ==
give cpa power of attorney for our tax affairs? - nobody objects.

=== Proposals from last week ===
== Discussion Items ==

* eric says we are out of t-shirts. suggestions are to contact mitch, or someone should buy them and get reimbursed.

* some people are concerned about proping open the door for non-event purposes

=== sean ===
sean was asked by leif two weeks ago to leave the space and not return until coming to a meeting, due to allegations of credit card fraud by several people at the meeting earlier that evening.

criminal activity is definitely unexcellent at noisebridge.

sean says a friend legitimately ordered a pizza to noisebridge and that he is not a blackhat or carder.
tom says he has seen several photos of sean sleeping
eric says he has woken up sean several times, but he cleans up and is generally helpful
jesse says a list of ccs were found on a pc and had been used for ordering food to the space, and prompted sean for the credit cards used by him to order food, but the lists didn't match. 
 
miloh wants to know why sean is really here - sean replies with 'i want to be excellent and contribute and particpiate'
jake explains how sean brought a lot of sushi to nb, said that sean ordered a pizza to noisebridge and left. pizza guy came and asked for the id of owner of the credit card used for the pizza.. the pizza guy left with the pizza.

tom proposes sean does not return until mediation has been completed.
sean agrees to mediation. john withers is the mediator!

= Proposals for next week =

* Noisebridge should authorize the Noisetor project to continue operating indefinitely.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]