Meeting Notes 2015-10-06 
 https://pad.riseup.net/p/nb-meeting

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 380th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: FIXME YOUR NAME HERE; Moderators: FIXME THEIR NAME HERE.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''

= Introductions =

* Dan - known on #noisebridge as donkeyhotei. used to be here but then a lot less. hoping to find help replacing a phone screen. 
* Fernando - heard about Noisebridge through a scavenger hunt 5 years ago. wants to check it out more ! :)
* Nils - found noisebridge through Wired magazine. Lives in SEA but here visiting
* Chris - no idea where they heard about Noisebridge. Looking to hack on woodworking, painting, electronics and videography with folks. want something documented? talk to me !
* Glen - heard about noisebridge looking for a cheaper techshop, and found noisebridge. background in architecture, wants to learn more about robotics and electronircs
* Ben - hi 
* Danukeru - builds binaries and in-memory binary patches
* Mel - industrial engineer working with coffee. likes making machines, electronics, plumbing, hvac. All the coffee things.
* Victor - found it two years ago. moved nearby recently, so here more often. does Software Engineering, web apps and other things. security for fun
* henner - writes software, makes hardware. working on organising the electronics parts
* ?? - visiting to come to the meeting
* robin - heard about us through a book on maker culture. likes hacking on growing food and handy items for the nomadic culture
* dan - coming here for a few yeras. usually here on wednesdays to discuss neuroscience, neural network programming, EEG. 8pm on wednesdays. tomorrow is distributed processing night.
* joyti - lawyer teaching herself to code. here all the time
* daniel - first time here! heard about it through noisetor and the tor project. works in infosec and crypto. 
* ?? - excited about the yubikey
* andrew - plays with data, visualizes and analyses. 
* jake - found out about NB on Friday. here ever since. wants to do more circuits
* tim - found out about NB on sunday. writing JS for a year, learning as much as possible about software engineering.
* patrick - 

= Short announcements and events =

* ?? - scheduled to have a VAX 8920 delivered to the space. what's up with that? 
* henner - organising the electronics components! there's other folks helping too. if you want to help out that'd be amazing. we have roughly ~1700 drawers with stuff inside, entirely unsorted. 300-500 sorted and cataloged. 
*  - multitool for drawing. hoping to make it a project w/ injection molds. looking for collaboration.
* Danukeru - coreboot development. looking for lenovos in the T and X series which you'd be happy to have opened and flash dumped that'd be neat!
* dan - elevator gate is bent on the ground floor. watch out!

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* henner explains membership. 

= [[Philanthropists]]=

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank:
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials

= Consensus and Discussion =

* consensus by henner! 

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

None

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

None

== Discussion Items ==

=== fixing the laser cutter ===

* henner - we have a tube, but apparently the controller board is missing. (sid?). have a laser cutter at home which runs some weird indecipherable software, so maybe I could donate the board from that to noisebridge. 
* danukeru - can donate a beaglebone black. 

=== mini reboot === 

* it's happening. give patrick your email and he'll tell you about it 


=== downstairs renting === 

* patrick - should we do it? it'd be nice to have ~double the space
* dan - maybe incubator? maybe studio space? ~$400
* donkeyhotei - maybe get solar panels for roof to cut costs
* 

= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]