Meeting Notes 2015-09-01 
 moderator: steve
note takers: everyone!

== Participants ==

* Steve - theoretical physicists, not at burning man because he's allergic to the playa and art. He went to CCCamp instead, burnout man.
* Greg - coming for ~2 years. does classes :) not been before, don't intend on going to burning man. 
* Isaac - new here! does robotics, in school. here to help out.
* Alex - teaches video game development. 
* Senna - will be at burning man, but it's a love-hate relationship. works on artsy things.
* Miles - philosopher, not at burning man because
* Mari - likes to make things. not at burning man because still building robot suit. spammer by trade
* Andrew - likes iOS hacks, and security. not at burning man because I've got code to write
* Matt - new! work on the "internet". hear to pick locks and use hands to get off the internet. not sure how to get to this "burning man".
* Crystal - working w/ J and Mitch spreading hackerspaces to china. not at burning man becasue "mom"
* Kan - game designer. here w/ crystal, too lame to plan anything to go to burning man
* Tony - visiting SF. first time @ noisebridge. comes from China. not at burning man because life would be too much. 
* Hassan - SE, webdev. not going to be here for a while. feel free to poach me. hasn't dedicated energy to burning man. 
* Alex - interested in security, cryptography, reverse engineering. Software dev on the side. not at burning man because I'm busy!
* Christian - on the way to burning man tomorrow! interested in photography, and wants to learn web development.
* Henner - hacks because he is German and awesome. Is also actively downloading the internet. -5 vacation days so no burning man
* Joyti - teaching herself webdev, got no time for burning man
* Patrick -  is patrick. is software dev. like tech, law, and security, and how they combine to make the worst milkshake evarrr. too cool for burning man.

= Short announcements and events =

* Crystal - working to spread the maker movement to China. November 9th folks in town to see hackerspaces and meet folks. Want to see how they'd create something similar in China. 
 ** Jarrod - any particular topics?
 ** Crystal - yep they want to understand the maker movement, how to create that culture, how to inspire folks. 
* Jarrod - Next Thursday Sept 10th Sewing Area Grand Opening!!! Ready to ship to production! Short ceremony followed by grand opening.
* Mari - Filming some time this week very late at night. Sometime (maybe Thursday, Friday) I'll be filming around the Tesla mural. Wants to a) make sure I'm not getting in anyone's way, b) ideally looking for empty space silence as recording music. 

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* Alex - noisebridge membership means that you have ability to participate in the governence of the space. It takes 4 weeks, 2 sponsors to apply for membership. After 4 weeks your membership is a consensus item. You receive 24/7 access and a chance to donate to the space. Everyone is open to particpate in discussion, but only members can consense (or not) on an issue. You have a responsibility to close the space up properly, keep it safe, ask people to leave when they're being unexcellent and otherwise help noisebridge be a healthy, safe community. 
* Steve - You don't need to be a member to do *anything* at noisebridge. It's open to everyone who wants to hack a thing. It doesn't get you anything other than participation and access. We also have philanthropists access, which is easier to get.

No applications this week.

= [[Philanthropists]]=

* Jarrod - The noisebridge philanthropists are a group of people with 24/7 access to the space. They gain this access by making a monthly donation, while also having a member vouch for them. The member vouches that they'll help the space remain safe, close the space properly at night, and otherwise ask unexcellent people to leave. 

* markus has an application but he's not here. 

= Financial Report =

* Funds in bank: $32,406 (of which $21,000 approximately Noisebridge, $11,000 Noisetor)
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

= Consensus and Discussion =

* Patrick explains consensus. 

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

None 

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

None

== Discussion Items ==

=== Mari's recording ===
* Mari - want to double check RE recording Thursday night!
* Miloh - be aware of the outside noise. (bus, trash)


=== Access / letting people into the space ===

general discussion of access, letting folks into the space, what to do, what not to do. 

* Steve - it's an anarchist space. everyone should take responsibility. if you let someone in bnyou're responsible for them. don't let people you don't trust into the space.
* Miloh - people continue to ring the doorbell if you don't let them in. 
* Alex - 2 issues. one is letting people you don't trust into the space., second is your not being willing to let someone into the space. you should try and let people in if they're not scary. 
* Henner - regarding the bell. Right now you can mute the doorbell for a minute or so, but we can change it to allow muting for much longer if there's a need. Doorbells are generally distracted, and folks right now fele obligated to open the door. Maybe technology where only one self-electing person gets notified of doorbell ringers. Means less distractions for all. 
* Joyti - maybe if it muted a lot it'd be an issue at busy times, where someone is rejected &amp; muted, and then legit users ring but its muted. 
* Patrick - be very aware of folks who arrive with a huge sense of entitlement / anger at not being let into the space. (hint: they don't hack things)
* Andrew - maybe a quieter doorbell?
* Alex - there have been waves of theft over the years. I don't know if we give people an impression that they shouldn't leave stuff unattended. We should really broadcast to folks that they should keep an eye on their things.


= End of Meeting =

* Reprise of the [[Hackernationale]]. [This is anarchy - we do what the wiki says!]
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now (if it doesn't happen '''before''' any given Meeting).  Ask others around the space or check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to its rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes including removing all these really verbose instructions, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]