Meeting Notes 2014-08-12 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 321st Meeting of Noisebridge]. 

Note-taker: Andy MC; Moderator: Naomi.

* '''Jarrod is now a Member'''

= Attendance =
* Andy - likes working and supporting Noisebridge
* Jay - tinker breaker and has truck 
* Chris - 1st meeting hacker 
* Matt - is #reboot ready 
* Steve - physician musician 
* Scott - 1st time here, local high school teacher (hardware prototype) 
* Carlos - I like noisebridge 
* Patrick - wants to make physical things 
* Jean-Jacques - professional handy man interested Solar Electric / printing 
* Dawn - Software Engineer, first time in the space. 
* Tom - first meeting, programmer in the past 
* Torrie - hack of all trades 
* Ron - front end web development first meeting 
* Bill - volunteered when moving into NB in 2009 
* Kevin - painter of white walls — neural hacking wednesday night ! 
* Henner - software by day hacks hardware by night (access control) 
* Naomi - member since Aug 2009, trying to just work on ONE THING (the payphones + PBX)

= Short announcements and events =
* Naomi - The Great Reboot Party — this Friday, August 15th event! 
* Matt - we need help on the floors all this week. 
* Naomi - movie screening (Die [Gstettensaga]) was supposed to be July 26th — end of the month? 
* Naomi - [we are still fundraising!] Donations welcome.

'''What is Consensus?'''

Matt: consensus is alternative to majority votes. 

Point of consensus — not to change action but to give information. The member has a "last ditch" option to block — if they could "never live" with the consensus item. Close to "walking out the door".

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

Daniel Lewis - week 1 / no sponsors / not present
 
Tristan Mosley - week 3 / no sponsors / not present
 
'''Jarrod Hicks''' - has 2 sponsors and 4 weeks 
* Q from matt “what do you define as excellent? “ 
* A "seeing the results of what I envisioned actually come to light” 
* Q from Torrie "why so long to become a member ?” 
* A mostly putting myself on the list because encouraged by other members. 
* Q from Naomi "what do you see as the proper way to express disagreement in a consensus proposal"
* A "would take it up with the proposer directly”
* Jay —> “he did not want to be a full fledged member for such a long time”
* “he is really patient, especially with people who are not as emotionally intelligent”

'''Consensus passed''', overwhelming support and gratitude from community members and non-members.

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank:
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):`

Danny is busy filing our taxes (due August 15th — go John Shutt, acquire the Treasuring cooties!)

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

=== Reciprocal Banning with Sudo Room  ===

Proposal: "If the Sudo Room hackerspace in Oakland bans a person from their space for reasons of safety, that person is immediately and automatically banned from Noisebridge."

* Torrie described Sudo room situation about very bad safety - stalking situation 
* Naomi: "For reasons of safety"... must define 
* Matt : safety 
* Andy : what is "principled objection” vs “personality difference” 
* Kevin: sounds great bridge to build — improve both of our filters — proxy block from Cory 
* Matt : Feeling good about “reciprocal” … needs to be specific for what the banning is for 
* Naomi: reviewing sudo room's problems 
* Matt : get this defined internally? 
* Carl: I’m concerned about automatic banning. Possibly temporary banning, need some sort of review. 
* Torrie : Not a permanent final ban. The ban could be undone through a consensus item. 
* Matt : need to distinguish Sexual harassment / Stalking / Safety 
* Carl : procedurally, we can review the ban on a case by case basis 
* Matt : we need to understand their parameters for banning ( Sudo Room) 
* Torrie : sudo room “follows the rules until they dont make sense” .. sudo room is evolution 
* Matt : safe space security working group is encouraged to handle bans 
* Naomi: we probably need to develop this in more detail, I don't see a consensus forming here.
* Matt : violence, sexual, harassment are obvious ban

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

Proposal: "If the Sudo Room hackerspace in Oakland bans a person from their space for reasons of safety, that person is immediately and automatically banned from Noisebridge."

= Discussion Notes =

== potential CCC members have 6 month waiting period ==

Andy and Matt: CCC disallows even the application for membership until 6 months have passed. 

Naomi: I'm for this. Members have the ability to block consensus which is really disruptive when abused. NB has done a poor job bringing people into a real Consensus process; misunderstanding the "block" is a huge part of that.

Henner: "At some point when not enough people know each other, things can degenerate”

Jay: Community trust . . . takes time. In support of 6 months (or more) to build trust. 

?: Having lived in a coop … support the sentiment 

Jean Jacques: it takes time to form community ties, understanding (voiced support) 

Torri: Speaking about cultural preservation 

Carl: we have already 4 weeks, should it be longer? 

Naomi: is there a growing body of people who recognize this person after 6 months? (consensus)

Torri: again voiced support — inverts the power dynamic in a good way. 

Matt: hand in application, disappear 6 months, then return? No. 

What does CCC expect from their members ? 

Matt: cost benefit analysis — is this person a net positive for the community ? 

Tom: some way to track contributions? (Certificates ?) 

Jay: (direct response) — you don't need to be asked. People wont even have to ask — it will be visible. 

Henner: 6 months … so many times after 3 weeks we review the member binder and that person isn’t here. 

Naomi: names in the binder should be familiar to everyone before the vote, people should actually know your name. 

Bill: pictures in the book? 

Torrie: (direct response) shouldn’t be necessary. 

Naomi: the “soft c” consensus sounds like we shouldn’t push people to become members right away.

Patrick: what about associate members? 

Naomi: there's no clear community understanding of associate membership

Torrie: the power vacuums might entice certain people … we can spot them by eager associate membership grabbing

Andy: (direct response) like a spam detection system? (Torrie nods) 

Jade: nothing stopping non-members from donating 

Andy: (direct response) in support of Jade’s comment 

Carl: I like the idea of 3 months … people can come and demonstrate that they are a good fit for the community. It depends on the individual and how. 

Scott: Stay with 6 months. Why not a year? When you know people in the community, your voice is heard whether you vote or not. 

Kevin: 3 months? 6 months? X days. Starting when? 

Naomi: (direct response) when reading the binder, everyone should know who member applicants are. 

Kevin: (direct response) excellent as a concept. 

Torrie: its more of a cultural thing than a hard and fast rule. 

Scott: a lot of people should know that person. “Long enough” 

Matt: the only objection we need some sort of signal that someone actually wants membership. WIKI page is start date?

=== Scott from HackAway ===

Scott: possibility of high school classes next week? (HACKAWAY)

middle school and high school students 

chrome books on linux 

bring equipment 

15 week course one hour a week 

pay what you can model 

encourage all $$ incomes to participate

Time: 4:00-5:30 

No more than 12 students 

@matt: what ages, and who is responsible
* (direct response) middle school ages 10-18 I (scott) would be responsible 
* insurance up to a million dollars
* also has parent-signed waivers 

Tom: do they have to be enrolled in middle school? 
Scott: (direct response) age group 10-14, generally inclusive


=== Random Extra Items ===

Torri: cleaning the floor tomorrow night ! Help wanted.

Jean Jacques: joe black

Matt: (direct response) not for this meeting (other working group) 

Torri: 3D printer working … pieces and parts 

Naomi: (direct response) Purchased some 3D printer replacement parts

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]