Meeting Notes 2009-08-11 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: Ani
* Notes: This meeting is [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2009-August/007135.html pants optional.]

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==
* Introduction and Names
* What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]].
* Treasurer's Report
* Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process.
* IRC bots
* [[Moving/2169_Mission/Access_Control|Locks at 2169]]

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''
* PyClass (Monday 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* [[Kite Hacking]] Thursday (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Fridays, 83c) come early for one-on-one
* Shop Class - Most Fridays @ 8pm, check out the [[Mat_fab|wiki page]] for details.
* Natural Language Corners
** [[German]] Thursdays 7PM 83c, beginners earlier, advanced come later.
** French Wednesday 
* [[Sensebridge]] Cyborg Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]] Sunday 3pm - 5pm
* Noisebridge CTF
* Go on Sunday 3pm
* Locks! Sunday 3pm
* Spacial Imaging Workshop - Sunday 16th, 7pm

=== Project Updates ===
* 2169 Mission
** Buildout team update
** Moving Day --[[User:Rubin110|Rubin110]]
* [[Civil Hackers School|Civil Hackers' School hacking run]]

=== Membership Binder ===

== Consensus Items ==
* Puppies
* Shannon Lee for new board member

== Discussion topics ==
* Floors -- Some people want to do the floors at the new space.  Jim has a budget of 6K.  Shall we do them?
* Money associated with build out -- how we are financing the buildout and how to spend Noisebridge's money.

= Notes =
* Add links to every agenda item up.
* Volunteers to lead the next meeting?

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]