Meeting Notes 2014-04-08 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 308th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Kevin ; Moderator: Jarrod.
* '''One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary.'''
 
= Short announcements and events =
* Matt's looking for knowledge about MIDI controllers
* _ doing chain mail and looking for knowledge about San Francisco 1966
* Lock cylander is fully operational
* Working groups spinning up - Community working group - getting people talking, Teachers working group [[FractalWorkingGroup]] [[CommunityWorkingGroup]]
* Drinks and food - please circulate
* Saturday, 4/19, Speaker: Stanly Lunetta + cool workshops [[NoiseHack]]
* Thursday, 4/10 at 7PM, Johnny, Mitch and others will be templating working groups at Noisebridge
* Noisebridge picknic at Saturday, 13:00 Dolores Park 

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* &lt;&lt;name>>, &lt;&lt;week>>
* Hepestus, 4+
* Kate K., 4+
* Qbit, 4+
* Xavier, 1

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: unknown, about |  *thiiiiiiiisssssss*  | big
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): unknown

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Publish Member List ===

The proposal is in a weird state - It's on current consensus items and also consensus items history pages &lt;br>
20 minutes prior to the meeting where consensus happended James wrote Tom to block the proposal &lt;br>
James and Tom had some mutually agreeable amendments to the proposal and an email conversation &lt;br>
Tom did not intend to publish the list for at least three months &lt;br>
It's good to publish the list, but there are better ways &lt;br>
Needs language regarding identity &lt;br>
What information will be shared? &lt;br>
We need a central place to share concerns with proposals &lt;br>

Suggested Changes: &lt;br>
	Only council members have access to published list &lt;br>
	Pseudonymity &lt;br>

Publishing the member list was blocked and is off the table until concerns are addressed. No one present at the meeting wants to pick this up. &lt;br>

==== Blocked with suggestions for moving forward ====

Meta-concern about asking

=== Revoke Tom's Council Privs ===

Should some interim ban happen? &lt;br>
	If Tom loses council privs, he needs sponsorship to be at Noisebridge &lt;br>
	Should Tom need a sponsor to be at Noisebridge in the interroom? &lt;br>
Discussion in Tom's absence ensues &lt;br>
Airing of concerns: &lt;br>
	Bottleneck to new members &lt;br>
	Misuse of consensus &lt;br>
	Revoking sponsorships on wiki &lt;br>
	Rewriting consensus history &lt;br>
	Blocking Link's initial proposal &lt;br>
	Incident with Milo: &lt;br>
		"I could not tell you the exact date that the incident occurred between &lt;br>
		Tom and my son but I do remember it was on a Sunday.  There were &lt;br>
		witnesses but they were all Tom's D&amp;D buddies and I did not personally &lt;br>
		witness the entire event. &lt;br>
		&lt;br>
		Here is what happened to the best of my memory.  Tom and his friends &lt;br>
		were in church for the D&amp;D meetup.my wife was gone to go get food. I was &lt;br>
		in the 3d printing area working on a project.  I was allowing Milo to &lt;br>
		indulge his curiosity and wander the space freely so long as he checked &lt;br>
		in  every 15 minutes.   While working on a project I heard Tom yelling. &lt;br>
		 I hadn't seen Milo for 15 minutes so I went to find him and make sure &lt;br>
		he was not doing anything too dangerous.   I walked through the space &lt;br>
		looking for Milo since i didn't know where he was at the time. When I &lt;br>
		rounded the corner into Church  I see Tom holding my son by the wrist &lt;br>
		and snatching paper coins out of his hand.  He was yelling about there &lt;br>
		being one missing and my son was saying he only picked up two.  I &lt;br>
		collected my son,  told him never to go around that person ever again &lt;br>
		and asked him what happened. He told me that he picked up two coins from &lt;br>
		the table  to see them and accidentally dropped them.  He said Tom &lt;br>
		exploded and grabbed his arm.  I asked Milo if it hurt when Tom grabbed &lt;br>
		him and he (Milo) told me it did. Then I told my wife  who &lt;br>
		had just returned from getting food. And we left the space after &lt;br>
		gathering my things." &lt;br>

Madelynn will email Tom requesting he refrain from coming to Noisebridge until he can come to a Tuesday meeting &lt;br>

Madelynn agrees to be point person for reporting incidents of harassment &lt;br>

==== Blocked until Tom can be at a Tuesday meeting ====

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

= Discussion Notes =

== Community Working Groups ==

Anyone can participate &lt;br>
Groups decentralize power while defusing personalities &lt;br>
Concerns with perceived legitimacy? &lt;br>
	Perceived legitimacy comes from repeatedly doing excellent things that benefit the space &lt;br>
Discussions should happened at Noisebridge &lt;br>
Important to bring consensus to broader audience after making decisions in working groups &lt;br>
Spread out conversations about topics to off-load the Tuesday meeting &lt;br>
Get people talking who wouldn't otherwise talk &lt;br>
Concerned about communication between workings groups and the broader community &lt;br>
Working groups can have (optional) report backs at Tuesday meetings just like the financial report &lt;br>
Is Noisebridge large enough to warrant working groups? &lt;br>
Engage people to be a community to make things less confrontational and encourage effective communication, regardless of scale &lt;br>
Working groups will have the ability to experiment with structure &lt;br>
Meetings should be announced and/or on the calendar &lt;br>

== Role of the Board of Directors ==

Two members of the BoD, Al and Ari, have resigned &lt;br>
Should we hold an election? Should the board appoint 2 new members? Should a new board be nominated through consensus? &lt;br>
Members were denied a vote by the Secretary &lt;br>
	The election was not legitimate &lt;br>
Roles and responsbilities of the BoD could be discussed by a working group &lt;br>
How do concerns with Tom interact with Tom's participation on the BoD? &lt;br>
A new election would be for all 5 BoD positions &lt;br>
The goal of an election is consensus via approval voting  &lt;br>
Consensus could appoint 2 new board members in lieu of a second election &lt;br>
There should be an election and the board should appoint new people in the interim &lt;br>
Knowledge transfer, coordinating brain dumps/sharings key &lt;br>
	Newsletter, blog, workshops, 5mof, report backs, &lt;br>

Brainstorm on responsibilities of the BoD: &lt;br>
	BoD as Noisebridge's interface to legal obligations &lt;br>
	BoD as responsible for throwing quarterly parties &lt;br>
	BoD as responsible for securing and/or signing off on applications for funding (grants, etc..) &lt;br>

=== 2014 BoD election V2 should conclude in 90 days ===

Details need to be worked out

= Attendance =
* John
* Kevin
* Chris
* James
* JC
* Matt
* Matt
* Dan
* Eva
* Naomi
* Madelynn
* Johny
* Jamie
* Adrienn
* Daravinne
* Jim
* Matthew
* Amit
* Jarrod

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.