Meeting Notes 2013-04-30 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 263rd Meeting of Noisebridge].

* Note-taker: [[User:Leif|Leif]]
* Moderator: [[User:Miloh|Miloh]]

= Short announcements and events =
[[File:DIY book scanner 20130430.jpg|right|400px|The DIY Book Scanner]]
* Andrea: [[Basic Computer and Phone skills]] class this thursday
* John Ellis: Noisebridge will have a booth at Maker Faire. If you'd like to volunteer at it, sign up on the [[Maker_Faire_2013|wiki page]].
* The Noisebridge [[Digital Archivists]] group unvieled the [[book scanner]] they built today, using the [http://diybookscanner.org diybookscanner.org] design.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Jeff A: week 1, no sponsors
* James S: week 1, no sponsors
* Christopher D: week 2, no sponsors
* Douglas B: week 2, no sponsors
* Richard B: week 4, no sponsors

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: &lt;span style="color:green">$19,174.75&lt;/span>
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* * There are $2076.90 earmarked NoiseTor funds
* * Colo service has been paid through Mar 7, 2013
* * There are enough funds to pay for an additional 2 months of colo
* * This information was updated at Tue Apr 30 19:45:03 2013

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

* None

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

[[User:Reverend_Mik|Reverend Mik]] proposes that Noisebridge send Form CT-NRP-1 to the California Attorney General with a $20 check so that we as an organization are in compliance with California law, and require the treasurer to compile and submit the annual report to Attorney General's office as specified in the applicable case law. (original email with details here https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2013-April/036577.html )

* Tom points out that at the party Mik is talking about, no raffle was operated by Noisebridge and no raffle tickets were sold. There was a suggested donation at the door; tickets were given both to those who donated and to those who did not donate.

= Discussion Notes =

Leif announces plans to make the front door's keycode access logs public. Existing codes will be assigned pseudonyms, and in the future codes can be configured with a name to be displayed in the logs. These logs could be published on a website, and/or via robots on twitter and IRC. Discussions ensue.

= Attendance =
* moderator decided to skip it

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]