Meeting Notes 2011-12-20 
 == Agenda ==
[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 192nd Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Lizzard

Moderator: Danny
 
=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."

* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.

* danny - moderating
* Andre - robotic team
* Zephyr - hacking on [[Noisedraw]], which you should all play with. It is a collaborative environment in the cloud and we want to give it 5  million dollars
* Rayc - hacking the hackerspace
* Harry - here with jia 
* Jia - making stuff in the shop
* Ben - Hi. 
* Naomi - (likes the [[EEG]] machine)
* Adrian - software person
* Miloh - [[Circuit Hacking Monday]] and other awesomeness
* Laura - python scripts that never end
* Liz - doing "friends of noisebridge" wall of photos, and [[Library]] book input into Librarything: http://www.librarything.com/profile/noisebridge
* Jake - hacking on radio now
* Abel - tastebridge , technology, film, learning to program
* Jay - local advocate, lives in SF most of his life, technology for homeless to help them, hacking the elite
* Cory - working on the People's PA, which is not the people's mic, wireless PA with battery power for General Assemblies. 
* Danny adds that we were just getting the [[Big LED Screen]] working again and working on the Noisebridge API. If you want anything better connected in the space talk with danny!
* Joachim - hacks on all kinds of stuff, radio, materials,
* Kelly - Treasurer, works in neuroscience
* Nik - Amateur DSP engineer, Internet Marketer, Chief, Construction Worker, and now looking for more time to use Backtracker 5
* Other people who did not introduce themselves or came in and out of the meeting

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===
Cool new projects?

The new wall additions on top of the classrooms have been sanded, cleaned, and painted by 5 people but mostly rayc who has not slept for 2 days while doing it!

Lowell is here!  they are here till February meeting once a day to build their robot for a robotics contest. (Andre reporting. ) It's for [[First Robotics]]. They are not sure yet what their robot needs to do. And then for a month, build it. Does anyone here know Labview?  Joachim says something about Labview and knows what it is about and Andre says he will talk with him later.

Zephyr - sent email to O'Reilly publishing asking them for some free books. He asked for books on  newer tech like node.js and honeycomb and some mathematics stuff and sent them the tax forms. If anyone here who knows them could also ask, maybe that will help!

Miloh - 28c3 coming up next week, but if you aren't there, pick up the telephone! 

Rayc - there is now a mobile whiteboard!

Zephyr - everyone should check out this mad cool assembly demo that we made here at noisebridge!

=== New or Stale Events ===

Is there anything new happening at the space?

The mushroom people meet every Monday! They are amazing! Join the [[Tastebridge]] email list to find out about it and other food hacking events!
https://www.noisebridge.net/mailman/listinfo/tastebridge

Web dev class is hot - Monday nights.   Circuit hacking monday also!

Plans for a [[Zine]]. Talk with [[User:Tony_Longshanks]] 
''(Tony adds: Thanks for mentioning this. I still haven't made it to the Tuesday meeting because it conflicts with Homes Not Jails - my "home" meeting - but I am forging boldly &amp; blindly ahead with the zine idea.)''

Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?

Francisco isn't doing cooking class... Some other events listed are in question.

Liz comments that each event should have its own page (hopefully with contact info for whoever is running the event)

Kelly adds that people who have never been to NB look at the events and think they are real, show up and then are disappointed if they aren't happening.

Rayc says he will try to find out about the events and update the wiki.

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank, report from Kelly:

$ 22,500.47 currently in the bank. 

Paypal has sucked it up and are no longer being dicks. We are supposed to feel grateful that the abuse  has stopped, and like them. But we can tell this is all sarcasm. Kelly is looking at new bookkeeping solutions for us. Freshbooks?  It's an invoicing service. but we still need something else to do our bookkeeping.  There is a [[Treasury]] page on the wiki which Kelly will update and she will also try to set up something new before the 1st of the new year so we are set up for taxes.  API hacking? more transparency in our finances.  Chaching.noisebridge.net has some financial info from paypal api but that is only paypal.   payment options, electronic and not paypal.  We have Square, but we need something else for credit cards. possibly wepay. Can anyone help hack something up with the api?

Robert asks if we set up a node with a credit card reader in the front of the space, 

Danny says it's against the law and you have to have someone there to do the transaction.

Kelly says their exporting sucks and she has to manually transform their exports before importing them into whatever it is she uses now.

Nik says ""Try using variations of these keywords on multiple search engines if you haven't already done so "automated payment" . Eg. "automated payment methods" "automated payment service" "automated payment options" etc. And sorry in advance if I'm speaking out of place, I'm new here and short on time, I also didn't see the keyword used."" Cheers

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.

Steven B. 

MaxW - still in iceland

Ada

Mek

Glen

Patrick L.

Ryan

techra

Gardner

and some more I missed. Danny will email the 4 week people to ask if they are going to be members.

* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

Brian K.

Jeff S.

Caitlyn M. 

Michael M.

Erica L.
 
=== Consensus items ===
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

Last week Danny proposed that Jof be deposed as president (he was elected as the next person who walked in through the door)   He proposes that we elect Mitch. 

Kelly asks if anyone remembers [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Meeting_Notes_2010_03_02#Discussion_Items what happened last time this happened].

Zephyr says he bets everyone freaked out about the plan to appoint the next  person who walks in the front door, implying that some of us are irritatingly stodgy and uptight.

Everyone tells Zephyr loudly that he is incorrect and the "next person to walk  through the door" plan was greeted with wild enthusiasm. 

Ben walks in through the door. We tell him he's president . He yells, "Shit!"   That clearly means it should be him. We propose him for president.

Sad discussion of how [[MC Hawking]] cannot really be our president.

=== Discussion Items ===

The Elite Hacker (ie the guy who said he hacks "the elite")  had something.... food donations? Do we want them? 

Kelly explains that we give a receipt that says it is in-kind donation with a list of the donated items. We don't assess the value of the donated items. They have the responsibility to assess that value fairly.  She adds that unlike some material items, food goes bad and attracts rats.

The Elite Hacker explains that he is experienced in food obtaining and donating and would arrange it all before hand and announce that Cafe so and so is going to donate some food tomorrow night. So people would know it is there.

Rayc says please help him clean up the whiteboards and put them up in a strategic orientation. 

Also, maybe, we could add a center 3rd rail, for electricity to the center tables.

Miloh says , talk with Ben who has a plan

Rayc also wants to seal the kitchen, the stove, and buy roach traps.  He may need some funding for that. 

Can we get rid of the black desk? And have just TWO printers.  No objection is made to this.

Sudo Pop is going to get going again. 

Also we are dubbing this the Hackatorium, and that over there is Hacker Alley. 

Miloh explains that he came up with Hackatorium long ago and it was NOT TONY.  

OUr internet went out again, people were ARP poisoning, it was an HP, and we weren't able to correlate anyone directly but there was ONE person here with an HP and it was [[Lenny]].  There are SO many incidents of Lenny doing unexcellent stuff. But it is hard to document those things. 

Liz says it is hard to document big long histories and yet people want to know evidence. There is tension between tattling on every little annoyance vs. ignoring things that shouldn't be ignored and bottling it up. 

Danny says ARP poisoning is enough !

Laura says that we should not throw around accusations we can't prove like someone hanging around a space where some stuff went missing, etc. Because look at how Rob was accused of selling the Zeiss microscope which was then later found!

Zephyr did arp-a and found address of (i missed this bit)  and hardware manufacturer of that mac address is HP not cisco as it should be. 

Miloh says the switch reset later wasn't related. Maybe we should say when he's here, ask him to leave. 

Danny - should we ask him to the next meeting?

Katherine asks for the English translation of ARP poisoning

Danny explains the data goes through a router and that goes to the internet. our data packets go through it. Another computer claims to be the router and so all your traffic goes through it so they can see what you're sending, sniff your passwords etc.   

Joachim adds switches are bad. 

Danny talks about greylisting, conflict resolution, maybe we should ask him to come to a meeting. If multiple people are reporting issues as they have been over time... Or, do we want to ask him to come specifically over the hacking thing. 

Kelly says he will get defensive and things will get antagonistic and there isn't a way to prove it. Better to focus on times when he yells or gets violent in front of witnesses. 

Kelly talks about conflict resolution.  Mediation is option one.  You have a conflict between two parties.  When you have a person who gets into conflict with everyone, it can go to mediation if one person will stand up and say Yes I have a problem with this person. Then we have a neutral party talk to both of you and mediate. Let's try doing this first.  Mediation with rob 2.0 went pretty well. He calls and they have calm discussions.

Miloh asks who can be a neutral mediator?

Kelly says there is a list of people who have volunteered to do this. Rachel Lyra, Rachel MC, Mitch, Danny, and some other people.  

Danny says he will mediate.

PX 90 workout weekly session. talk with Rayc

Quick announcement - A guy plugged ipod in and it went missing yesterday. it is black and an older generation of ipod and has a different operating system on it. Talk with Daniel Rosas. [**Note: Shortly after the meeting, the iPod was found around the member shelves; someone must have moved it from the library to a shelf space when it was left unattended.]

Jake says last night there were a bunch of people sleeping here. It has come to his attention that we don't have a sign that says No Sleeping here.   Maybe we need some No Sleeping signs.
If you are sleeping at Noisebridge, people may make a robot out of you.

Kelly says let's do something about the sleeping. 

Miloh says it is a new problem related to Occupy and lots of new people who don't realize it is not cool to sleep here.

Also, no going on the fire escape.  The fire dept. says dont' do it.

Let's go make signs right now.

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.
[[Category:Meeting Notes]]