Meeting Notes 2012-06-05 
 = Agenda =
[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 219th Meeting of Noisebridge]
Note-taker: Snail
Moderator: malaclyps
 
== Introduction and Names ==
*What's an archy?
Moderation Technique:
malaclyps shouts and points at people but is low status.
Structure. Timekeeper is WSargent.
*malaclyps at the moment, building a small cute robot
*Leif building a faceted browser
*Will building a robot that kills people... or a cup holder for his bike
*Carlos want to be come a functional monk
*Snails take notes and distorts the truth
*Nick setting up a machine for makerbots
*Jessie is here to learn the fine art of trolling
*Mike technowander who works on deephack
*Kelly is the treasurer and works in neuroscience
*Claudia (yay)
*Tom thinks using cyber- makes him cool, but it really doesn't
*Casey
*Adam graduated from software college!
*Rubins on irc
*Jonathan measures your brain activity

== Short Announcements ==
*TOORCAMP. We have a mailing list.
**If you want to see malaclyps in shorts on the beach, TOORCAMP.
**It's fucking burning man for hackers. No, it's a hacker camp on the beach.
**In the noisedome, two hackers enter, one leaves.
== New or Stale Events ==
*Sunday June 24 @ 3: Mozilla kicks off Summer Code Party HERE. This is the site for the flagship kickoff event.
**Cyberspace will be involved.
*Software defined everything meet-up. Contact malaclyps. Danny@spesh.com
== [[Membership Binder]] ==
*Lots of names in the binder for people who are not here and have no proxies. :..(
== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: $15,093.59
* We may have ~$5.9k of checks that are not deposited yet.
* We are building our own goddamn software from scratch and rapidly digging ourselvs into a hole.
* Noisetor (copied from the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):  
**There are $2206.98 earmarked NoiseTor funds      
**Colo service has been paid through Jun  7, 2012 
**There are enough funds to pay for an additional 2 months of colo 
**This information was updated at Tue Jun  5 20:30:02 2012      
== Consensus items ==
=== Proposals from last week ===
*https://encrypted.google.com/search?q=banning+rob+2.0
* To ban Rob 2.0 because he has not attempted mediation, and keeps coming to Noisebridge even though he's not welcome here.  --Proposed 5/29 by Tom.
*Define banning.
*What does saying he's banned (again) accomplished?
**Helps make it clear to Rob.
**Gives members a feeling they are being backed-up when they tell Rob to leave.
**Gives more power behind calling the police to escort him out. Makes it easier to explain to the police when it's a solid ban and not just that he's unwelcome.
*Tom wants to use the word BANISH instead of banning.
*What is the difference between now and then, if we consense on this item?
**The only reason to consense on a ban is to escalate the issue to the police, and that is not a good use of our time and consensus.
*We consense on this so we can use the consensus as the tool to keep him out, not just to call the police. "We could if we wanted to," etc.
*Mike Khan cussed. This is srs bznz.
*Overall, it's not one thing he has done, it's a culmination of everything. If he's going to be an asshole, he could at least be a respectful asshole.
CONSENSUS OF NOISEBRIDGE:
* Rob 2.0 (aka Dank) is barred from Noisebridge. He is prohibited from entering the space or participating in the community.
=== Proposals for next week ===
''Give the CPA power of attourney to handle our tax issues. (We've had this CPA one tax year. This person cleaned up the mess left by the "tax ninja".)
**We are do-ocratically giving the CPA power of attourney in the interim two weeks pending consensus.
== Discussion Items ==
== End of Meeting ==
[[Category:Meeting Notes]]