Meeting Notes 2011-05-31 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 163 Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Will / [[wsargent]]

Moderator: Kelly / [[hurtstotouchfire]]

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: 
** Eric - Linux Hacker / Engineer
** Brian
** Rubin
** Mitch
** Rayce - entrepeneur
** Ben - registered vegan
** John - likes alcohol and coke
** Mike - tinkerer and techno... techno... launderer?
** Mikolai - gene hacker - NY
** Walka(?) - likes kiteboard(?)
** Will - Notetaker
** Owen - Creative
** Zessina - Psychology
** Evan - style and programming
** Allan - Serial Killer and Mycologist
** Lee - Video Game Designer
** Kelly - treasurer and neuroscience winnah

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Announcements ===

* Maker Faire!
** 2000 Stickers handed out
** Many more people coming to space
** 3100 (yes, three thousand one hundred) people trained how to solder

* Noisebridge In Depth This Thursday (6/2/2011)!
** Topic is "Strange signals that our bodies give out" and is very interesting
** Zedd is moving and needs more publicity.

=== Financial Report ===

* Finances
** $15131.18 total balance
** Paid rent for June
** Maker Fair Money has come in
** Two months operating expenses on hand, we ideally want three
** Meredith had TV company in and they made a donation?  Unconfirmed.
** Q: Is Noisebridge trademarked?  A: It's not a registered trademark, but trademark law automatically gives legal ownership.

=== Membership Binder ===

* Membership 
** Eric Steinburg - has two signatures, John + [Illegible] but is legit and up for membership
*** Believes in beer, but is anti-lime in beer.
*** Eric is an engineer and artist, does all the AV work for SF City Hall
*** He is also producing a TV show [ break for Amanda providing bread pudding ]
*** Q: How do you feel about consensus?  A: I see it every day at work -- politics is a process of consensus.
*** Q: How do you feel about blocking? A: Blocking is necessary some times.
*** Eric goes outside for discussion
*** Has donated chemicals to Noisebridge, been seen around the space, multiple contacts
*** Consensus reached: Eric is now a member of Noisebridge.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

This is the active list of events from the main page:
&lt;!--
***Note*** the Upcoming Events Calendar is not written here. Instead, it is written on Category:Events and transcluded here. This consolidates the 3 pages. :-)
Write your event on https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Events
-->{{:Category:Events}}

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Second Saturdays]] are Noisebridge hackathon:
a casual monthly event
dedicated to working on the space or relevant projects and building
community.  This is a great time to get feedback or help on any projects
you have been considering that center around the space, culture, and
infrastructure of Noisebridge.  You can also help with existing projects
and find out ways to get involved.

* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]
* Bay Area Hackers Association - (Second Sunday, 2PM)

=== Project Updates ===

* Maker Faire covered in announcements, nothing else immediately up...

=== Consensus items ===

* Eric added as new member.

=== Discussion Items ===

* Lockers
** Small things have gone missing - laptop charger, phone, a laptop off member shelves
** What are thoughts on providing noisebridge lockers on member shelves?
** Mitch: stuff probably disappears at Noisebridge through chaos rather than malice
** Lots of people know how to pick locks at Noisebridge
** Mike: better labelling for member shelves?  Still doesn't solve stuff "moving" such as Mike's expensive footstool
** Kelly + Will: is that if you have stuff you don't want to go missing, it's fine to buy a container and take measures to secure it.  Just know that some people might take that as a challenge.
** No consensus reached, best handled do-ocratically.
** Some discussion on better labelling for member shelves, possibly adding a curtain.
* Laser Cutting Workshop!
** Teaching people how to laser cut!  (did not get details of who / when / where)
* Z-Brush Sculpting Class!
** Lee: Interested, wants to see who else wants it
* Android "Thing"
** Course?  Happening?  Would like to happen?  Unclear.
* BASE people haven't been seen for a while, need to send someone to meeting

=== MEETING CONCLUDED. ===

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]