Meeting Notes 2012-12-11 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 246th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:flamsmark|Tom]]; Moderator: John Withers.
* Mice are a problem. Don't leave food
* Several events coming up.
 
= Short announcements and events =
* Johnny is starting a musical project called [http://uuu.my/noisejam-info Noisejam], an improv musical performance based around a loose score. The twist: you must use an instrument that you build yourself.
* RAYC &amp; Link are working on the makerbots. They have a working cupcake, and are working on making one really quite large printer .

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* Andrew Byrne [4+ weeks], sponsored by Danny.
* Charles Cordies [2 weeks], 

= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: $16188.23

= Consensus items =

== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
There were no consensus proposals from last week.

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
Tom proposes: it is acceptable to use humane mouse traps at Noisebridge, but that it is not acceptable to disable or destroy those traps.

= Discussion Notes =

Ethan: wants to run [http://www.occupyforumsf.org/ Occupy Forum] at Noisebridge.
* Occupy Forum puts on talks on progressive/lefty topics on Mondays 6-9. They need a new space next year, and want that to be Noisebridge.
* RAYC: logistical concerns with Mondays; Thursday or Friday might be better?
* Tom: needs one person bottom-line, and manage the logistics
* Charles: What topics are covered? Answer: non-technological progressive political lectures

Bo: Hacker lounge

RAYC proposes a Noisebridge chess tournament. The prize: a laser-cut board, 3D-printed pieces.

Johnny: either ban or accept the mice
* Mice want to live free, not here. Mice are a health hazard. Let's remove them.
* Mike points out that killing mice is cruel. A cluttered space invites mice, clearing up would make the mice feel unwelcome
* RAYC proposes an extensive program of careful mouse-removal
* Eric identifies that food is a risk, both donated and cooked here and wishes it to be known at this time and in this place that '''do not leave food here, or face his wrath'''. 
* Consensus was not reached, and discussion persisted after the meeting

= Attendance =
* Marcus is from Finalnd
* Josh hacks software, mostly C++. He's newly employed in San Mateo
* Bo is a former longtime SFer who now hails from Portsmouth NH He drove out in his mobile hackerspace, a converted ambulance
* Kevin is inattentive, a project-manager, who is currently working on a music website
* Chris is a Mac hacker
* Joe Black enjoys web development
* Dan Johnson runs a makerspace in Reno, Nevada
* Mike is a technowanderer, not an ombudsman, a stock clerk, or quartermaster
* Thomas (not Tom), who does painting and printing, and sells things through totestreetstudios.com 
* Ethan Davidson is from Occupy Forum
* Charles hacks on arduino and is a beginner at 3D printers
* RAYS does a lot of 3D printing and just started IC design
* Johnny Radio lately builds amps, and does an educational program teaching electronics and mechanical skills to at-risk youth
* Martin hangs out
* Dan is taking apart an ardiuno
* LV has been hacking here for a year, teaching classes for the disadvantaged, and has been learning about programming and building network systems
* Dan just found this place, heard about us on a radio interview. He's a programmer &amp; artist, with a background in cognitive neuroscience and machine learning
* Zephyr is inside a plan nine VM (the trick is thinking of '''yourself''' as a file)
* Tom is our one-person secretariat, &amp; temporary financial intermediary
* John is a neurologist, fabricator, and unquestioned hegemon of this meeting

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]