Meeting Notes 2011-06-21 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 166th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Danny O'Brien

Moderator: Eric
 

=== Introduction and Names ===

Eric -- AV geek

Devon -- Architecture geek. New! Hi, Devon, hope I got your name right.

Espen -- Norwegian psychology teaching building geek

Cynthia -- Kitchen geek

Johann -- industrial design geek

Jenny -- visiting academicky geek

Danny -- meta geek

Aesthetix - pissing off people geek (not true!)

Kelly -- photography geek

Alexander -- just moved in, startuppy chaos music geek

Michael -- late-coming geek

=== Announcements ===

No announcements

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: $16835, $3600 in rent going out shortly

We paid $755 in PG&amp;E [[Electricity]] bill. It seemed high. Danny pledged to write an email to nb-discuss, and to hell with the consequences. We will see next month if it is still high.

(Note, the thread and analysis in nb-discuss uncovered that a) there are a lot of days in this particular month, b) we pay more in the Summer for our electricity, c) the power usage has gone up, nonetheless, d) maybe it is the increase in cooking, e) maybe it is the vending machine, f) we have a powermeter on the vending machine so we could go check. Etc.)

Jenny pointed to http://growingenergylabs.com/ a friendly startup looking at solar and stuff.

=== Membership Binder ===
Names were read off! New members are incoming!

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

This is the active list of events from the main page:
&lt;!--
***Note*** the Upcoming Events Calendar is not written here. Instead, it is written on Category:Events and transcluded here. This consolidates the 3 pages. :-)
Write your event on https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Events
-->{{:Category:Events}}

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Second Saturdays]] are Noisebridge hackathon:
a casual monthly event
dedicated to working on the space or relevant projects and building
community.  This is a great time to get feedback or help on any projects
you have been considering that center around the space, culture, and
infrastructure of Noisebridge.  You can also help with existing projects
and find out ways to get involved.

* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]
* Bay Area Hackers Association - (Second Sunday, 2PM)

=== Project Updates ===

Eric is doing a talk show on TV! It will be filmed live in a boat in the beach, and then backhauled to Sutro Tower then sent into space. It will return via the [[Wikipedia:Galaxy_19|Galaxy 19]] satellite, and he enquired as to whether it would be possible to set up a satellite receiver in the space to capture his living essence, liive.

It was mooted that we are not allowed onto the roof "except to put up antenna". There was some tentativeness about this opinion. Eric was encouraged to email https://www.noisebridge.net/mailman/listinfo/rack and ask about this.



=== Consensus items ===

No consensus items.

=== Discussion Items ===

Aestetix outlined a project that would encourage people to donate money to NB, and in return, a small posse of technical people would help them to set up Tor nodes. The various details of this had been bounced around for a while between people at NB, EFF, and Tor, but in the end the Treasurer suggested the following model, separate from Noisebridge and run by said posse:

* Set up a new paypal account that people can donate money to
* Every time a donation is made to that paypal account, someone (or a script) donates some of that money to Noisebridge/EFF, and uses the rest of the cash to launch a Tor node (however we decide to do it technically)
* Have NB Fearless Treasurer issue a donation receipt from Noisebridge to the original donor

The discussion is still ongoing -- those interested in helping should get in touch with Aestetix.

Everyone nodded enthusiastically, and dined on Cynthia's ginger and cinnamon sliced yams. 

Due to an error in consensus comprehension, Eric called a motion for the meeting to be adjourned. Fortunately, the error threw an exception, so the meeting successfully quit anyway.

We went on to discuss the madness that doing a talk show in a boat entails, and it was revealed that Eric is a trained scuba diver, and so were other people, and so on and so forth.

=== AbEnd of Meeting ===

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]