Meeting Notes 2012-10-23 
 = Minutes =

These are the notes of the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes the 239th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[user:flamsmark | Tom]]; Moderator: [[user:malaclyps | Danny]].

* '''It is the consensus of Noisebridge that Brandon Edens is a member'''
* '''It is the consensus of Noisebridge Tom Lowenthal should replace Danny O'Brien as the secretary of Noisebridge'''

== Introduction and Names ==
The following people introduced themselves:
* [[user:malaclyps | Danny O'Brien]] is the Moderator
* Monad
* Brandon
* [[http://www.atxhs.org/wiki/User:Martinbogo Martin Bogomolni]], a founding member of ATX Hackerspace and Early member of Noisebridge
* John hacks brains, both his own and others
* [[user:flamsmark | Tom]] is taking notes
* Josh has been working on Noisegate and he brought cookies
* Mike is a technowanderer not a stock clerk or quartermaster
* Casey hacks on software defined radio
* RAYC
* Liz is a techno-domestic engineer and a quartermaster and an ombudsman. She hacks on [[Hackability]], Helps [[Circuit Hacking Mondays]]
* Justin hacks on TDCS, 3D printers and fabrication
* Will is a codemonkey
* Kevin is not a member, and he's learning Big Data
* Shawn &lt;3 OLPC
* Mike is a recent (~2mo) SF transplant, founded the Shangahi hackerspace and likes hardware
* Martin is a lurker
* Karl has been working on an iOS version of the Noisegate

== Short Announcements ==
* Josh: with revisions to the Noisebridge API, there's new Noisegate Android app which uses payphone codes to remotely open the gate
* Want bandwidth and quiet at conferences? ATX Hackerspace is starting to sponsor hacker lounges, using the NB key as an universal hacker authenticator.
* The doorbell buzzer is broken.
* The monthly cleaning service is raising rates from $145 to $160 per month. Will would like someone else to take over from him in managing this
** Liz has some feedback from the cleaning lady: Noisebridge is confusing, and she doesn't get what this place is; nobody talks to her and that's somewhat uncomfortable for her; it sometimes looks like people maybe steal things and she doesn't want to be blamed for that.

== [[:Category:Events | New or Stale Events]] ==
* RAYC: On Saturday, there's a Neuro TDCS meetup, starting around 12-2pm. Look for RAYC, John, or Justin.
* John: neuro meetups Monday nights at 7pm
* Tom: [https://cryptopartysf.org/ SF Cryptoparty] on Sat Nov 17th at [https://wiki.mozilla.org/Sf Mozilla's SF Office]

== [[Membership Binder]] ==
* Andrew Burns: Week 1
** Sponsor: Danny O'Brien
** Sponsor: John Withers
* Branden Edens: week 4
** '''It is the consensus of Noisebridge that Brandon Edens is a member'''

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank: &lt;treasurer-unavailable>
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):

== Consensus items ==

=== Proposals from last week ===
* '''It is the consensus of Noisebridge Tom Lowenthal should replace Danny O'Brien as the secretary of Noisebridge'''

=== Proposals for next week ===
* Proposal from Martin: Noisebridge should purchase Gorilla Racks replacing the current selection of member shelves of the same approximate dimensions. This is estimated at approximately $1200-$1800.  http://www.globalindustrial.com/g/storage/shelving/boltless/Gorilla-Rack-Shelving

== Discussion Items ==

=== Harassment ===
Context: [https://www.noisebridge.net/pipermail/noisebridge-discuss/2012-October/033099.html]. We had a wide-ranging discussion of how Noisebridge is a challenging environment for this sort of thing, and how we can deal with this.

The following were concrete suggestions as to how to resolve this problem:
* Martin proposes and extensive re-education campaign.
** Educate all members of the community and legal standards
** Define a person at NoiseBridge who has the 'ombudsman' responsibility
** Set forth a clear procedure to follow if there is sexual harassment
** Respond swiftly and clearly
* RAYC proposes to prepare and distribute useful literature about our [[Community Standards]]
* We should provide more help and guidance for people who are running events.
* Mike suggests serious and blinking signs.

=== The Door ===
The buzzer is broken. Jake might fix it, and might implement other solutions,
* The option to silence the buzzer without opening the door.
* Soon, you will need a code to open the door at the the top of the stairs (otherwise, you need to physically open the door).
* There are plans to implement another closed circuit camera in the phone, for a second view.

=== Cleaning ===
The monthly cleaning service is raising rates from $145 to $160 per month. Will would like someone else to take over from him in managing this. Danny suggests that Will just discontinue the service. Will agrees.

=== Other ===
The following were inconclusively discussed:
* hacker shelves
* a pilot program
* roles and responsibilities

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]