Meeting Notes 2010-07-06 
 The 117th Meeting of Noisebridge

== Crew ==

* Moderator: Al S.
* Note-Taker: Glen J.

== Agenda ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
* "Welcome to the 117th meeting of Noisebridge" [and quick introduction of what we are]. 
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: We make stuff and so can you!
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]

=== Announcements ===

#Frantisek:  The server room (DJ Booth) has been repurposed to a tea room; feel free to help paint. Someday, someone will repurpose it into something else.
#Mike: Noisehorn has been placed by the hack shelves for people to make Noisebridge announcements.
#Sai: I drilled a hole in the bathroom door [frame] so the lock goes all the way in now.
#Glen: Now my dues are paid up, may I request a key and a hack shelf?
#*Spin off discussion: You don't have to be a member to use a hack shelf.  The only benefits of being a member is "paying dues" and "participating in the consensus process."
# A lot of new people were present from either "off the street" or for the Origami workshop.

=== Financial Report ===
Questions were asked about involving Al more in the treasure position. Talk of co-treasurer and/or treasurer happened. Jeffery was not at the meeting, so more discussion was to occur off list. After that discussion, a new discussion item was scheduled for the next week.
=== Membership Binder ===
The following names were read from the membership binder:

(Some names will be misspelled and the phrases from the binder was not captured exactly).[Last name appended so the internet doesn't unwittingly eat these people]  
* Evan M -- "Noisebridge is excellent and inspiring"
* Fratisek -- This place is a magical spot with people who created … this energy and far… I want to be part of this and help to spread it around the world.
* Brian C -- I need hacking and need a good place to put my self 
* Christina B -- I just moved to San Francisco. I am a into Green Energy. Christina has three check marks and no signatures for membership [although this was passed around and signatures gleaned].
* Conrad T -- I dig everything about this place….  
* Ben P -- I love this place. It was what I was yearning for for a long time.
* Gigi -- Great cause and worthwhile community. I am in Sacramento. [Six check marks and two sponsors (but not present)].
* Daniel F -- I want to support this space (several details not recorded) [ed. note:  Dan F was inducted in a June meeting]


Christina and Conrad were present and were ready to be consensed upon. They left Noisebridge. During their absence, they were made official members.


=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

===== Weekly =====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing) 
* Linux discussion group 6 PM to 8 PM (turing) 
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* [[Programming_for_Poets]] Gentle introduction to Processing; most Thursdays at 8 if !(5MoF) 
* Linux system administration certification study group 3 PM to 6 PM (turing) 
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]

=== Project Updates ===

* (Jim) Linux Group is happening in the afternoon. We should support this. Anthony is not a member and is unemployed and still gave us $40 for Noisebridge.
    
* Sunday, 18-July -- Knots and Splices class at 4 o'clock

* Another Tastebridge/biotechnology group meeting will occur in 20-30 minutes in the classroom. Please eat the food provided tonight.
=== Consensus items ===
* No items require consensus at this time
=== Discussion Items ===
- Cooking stuff

=== Meeting Ends===

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]