Meeting Notes 2011-12-27 
 == HOWTO run a meeting. ==

Pick a moderator, and a note-taker. The note-taker should:

* write notes in this page, put them back up online when they're done,
* edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is decided to be up for consensus next week (stuff raised for consensus this week should be publicised for a final decision next week)
* edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was consensed or failed to consense this week.
* tell treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members.

Moderator should:
* make sure everyone gets a chance to speak
* speak minimally themselves
* keep the meeting moving! you're in charge of summarising the consensus, and/or suggesting things that need to be done!
* get the membership binders and ensure they are returned to the black desk

== Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 193rd Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps]]

Moderator: Josh / gnnr / danny
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.

Introductions!

Josh -- I fight for teh users

Mek - he is mek

Gavin -- interested in learning more about programming

Caitlyn -- checking this out, come here a few times, considering joining, brought truffles

Danny -- I am the notetaker, I hack NB [[API]]

Liz -- hacks the [[Resources/Library/Dead Tree]] and the Noisebridge coloring book.

Lilya -- just happened to be in the space when the meeting happened

Mike -- technowanderer

Robert -- hacking all week

Jake

Zephyr -- fights for the developer

Cynthia -- American disabilities act SEO expert

Zach -- wassup? Oh shit. Oh yeah, I heard ADA. I'm Zach. Cool.

Nima -- comes once every while. Hi again!

Isabel -- from Quebec, here for the next three weeks or so.

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Ray painted the wall in the kitchen. He made a more welcoming welcoming desk!

Cynthia invited Prof. Deusberg. Need to set a date. 

Lizzard is hoping to paint the front wall tomorrow. Anyone wants to help, join her TOMORROW!

We have an Annual General Member Meeting on January 10th. There will be punch and pie. Add your name to the board nominations page now: [[2012 board nominations]].

Josh has written an online 68K emulator at [http://www.metamage.com/cgi-bin/v68k-exec his webpage]

Ray went and found coldspots in the space. It is the windows.

=== New or Stale Events ===

Gavin would like to set up a [http://codesf.org Code SF] meetup, on Saturday! Send them messages to gnnrok@gmail.com if you'd like to GO FOR IT.

[[DeepHack Deep Hack]] is happening, says Mike. It's working off The Elements of Computing Systems [[http://www1.idc.ac.il/tecs/plan.html book]]. Digital spelunking for the 21st century! Email the nb-discuss list if you're interested in joining!

Machine Learning is not happening at the moment, but will start in January. Zephyr is interested to know what people are interested in. Mek is going to help out.

The notetaker made an error. It was noted.

The subsequent notes were erased from the future and replaced with a simple message:

ALL HAIL CONSENSO

Jake says somebody wants to donate a piano. Jake said maybe not for Noisebridge. She is willing to give the piano to anybody. Talk to Katy, the person with two little kids. Needs some tuning. Very pretty. Email jake if you want more info.

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: 

Treasurer has absconded with funds. Police hunt ongoing. She used NoiseTor to transfer the funds so we will never catch her.


JOKE GUYS

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

[[Mek]] is up for consensus!

Mek shoots! He scores!

CONSENSO DECREES A MEMBERSHIP GIFT TO HUMAN MEK

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== Discussion Items ===

Rayc transcludes his email into the discussion.

Liz says we should talk to Stripes.

Zephyr says we should have some hard evidence before we say someone is stealing.

Rayc asks for more details.

Zephyr says: he doesn't know stripes, he does know he was staying here. I'd like to think that the people here who stay for a long time, I don't know whether he was sleeping here, I like to think he was hacking. Rayc said that Stripes has been sleeping here, and we should do something about this. Zephyr talked to Stripes, and he showed me his artwork. I told Rayc that he was hacking on something. Then Rayc said that he thought Stripes is stealing. Zephyr had heard this before, and so Z + R discussed how to alleviate the problem, and Rayc wanted to set up a webcam, and Z tried to get a lock but then you know burritos, so instead we made a rubberband and string and wrapped it around on Sunday. This was the last I heard of it until I checked nb-drama and then I came back the next day. [Interjections of LULZ]. The rubberband-on-rails mechanism was still there on Monday, so either there was no actual theft, or someone ingeniously put it back. There seems to be some spurring to get people banned. I talked with Martin later and said that Stripes and Rayc had a personal difference, and that Rayc had done this before. So I started to think that maybe Stripes wasn't the person.

Jake checked it on Monday and there was $19.

Danny notes that it is really easy to collect money from the donation box, you just follow the rules on [[Donation Bin Record]].

Zephyr says he put on a non-tampering mechanism, and it wasn't tampered with.

Josh says his experience was that Robert announced that there was money that had disappeared from the box, and someone in the space had taken it. Then Josh saw Stripes say that "you don't think it was me was it?", then Josh said he saw Rayc say "Yes I do think it was you". At that point Stripes said "please don't do this, it really hurts." He did not deny the accusation. Rob asked him to talk about it, but he was already down the stairs.

Zephyr is worried about ostracising.

Jake said that he wouldn't act like that if he was stealing laptops.

Gnnr says that Rayc accused Gnnr of stealing laptops. Rayc and Gnnr subsequently solved this with moderation, and there is no ill will.

Danny proposes that this be taken out of meeting to conflict resolution. Rayc says that's okay with him. Danny asks if Josh would like to get involved too, since he is also worried about this.

Rayc says this is all actually a personal vendetta, for the record, and he is out to get him (Rayc was a bit sarcastic at this point).

Josh is worried about people living at the space, hanging out at the fire escape, going on the roof. This is have the no rules vs obligations.

Danny suggests that this is a wide discussion that could take place outside of Meeting.

Zephyr says the fire escape thing, yep people should not be out there. But is it better to have people smoke outside the door. Is that the image we want to give to the nation's youth? I think that's the inferior solution.

Josh thinks we should have people smoking 20 feet from the door, instead of in the fire escape. 

Liz says it's not legal to be on the fire escape.

Liz suggests making more signs!

Rayc think there's correlation between smoking on fire escape and drinking in the space.

Cynthia is concerned that the ownership of the building may have a restriction.

The meeting decides more signs.

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]