Meeting Notes 2010-03-23 
 == Crew ==

Moderator: 

Note-Taker: 

== Agenda ==

=== Introduction and Names ===
What Noisebridge is about: We make stuff and so can you!
A brief primer on consensus process: We agree and so should you!

=== Announcements ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===
Funds in bank: ~$15,800

=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

=== Membership binder ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide 
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sundays 3PM

=====Non-weekly=====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====

* Kitchen
* Plumbing

HOT WATER IS NOW OPERATIONAL! WOOOOOT!
GARBAGE DISPOSAL IS WORKING!
Dishwasher still in development.

=== Consensus items ===

=== Discussion Items ===

===Carly's school ethnography of Noisebridge===

What kinds of things people do here and the unique social dynamics and learning about that and sharing it through writing interviews with whoever wants to be involved. Interested in how meetings work socially. Have questions to ask people about how much people initiate or join projects.

The results will be in a paper and presentation. The presentation could be shown at Noisebridge itself at 5MoF.

Nobody objects to Carly recording the rest of this meeting.

=== Meredith S.- Yuri's night presence.===

Meredith's taking lead on Noisebridge's Yuri's Night presence

Nikolai says a weather balloon with cameras shooting down over the event projected in our booth.

Setting up table and would really like people to bring cool projects different from the stuff at Maker faire materials.

SPACEBRIDGE photos?

Mini-meeting to help out after the meeting. Ask Meredith to get involved!
Tickets 

=== HELP NEEDED ===

Amateur carpentry needed to fix shelves above the oven.

Dark room needs plumbing. Unpleasant chemistry is not the best thing to do in the kitchen so we need plumbing in the dark room.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]