Meeting Notes 2013-07-23 
 You should read the [[meeting instructions]] forthwith!&lt;br>
Don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.

These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 275th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: Kevin; Moderator: Jarrod.

= TLDR =
* Hacker Fellowships
* Ban Brandon consensus proposal - Brandon present and agrees to refain from being at Noisebridge until the coming Tuesday meeting
* Mark O'Neil appeals his ban
* Skyler not to return til the coming Tuesday meeting
* God Waffel Noise Pancakes coming to Noisebridge Sunday, September 22nd

= Short announcements and events =
* Cynthia announces the non-unanimous decision to tear out the centeral island Thursday morning AKA phase I
* Dan announces a friend form the Community Arts Program has a life-size robot made of clay. 1009 Market Street (Market and 6th).
* Douglas would like to have God Waffel Noise Pancakes show here Sunday afternoon.DnD conflict? Will be discussed later.
* Dana announces a woman lost her As cap. Sentimental value. Her email is on the Discuss list.*
* James annoucnes August 10, 4PM to late. Fundraiser party at noisebridge. Food and fun for all. Everyone is welcome. noisebridge.net/party Noisejam will be proforming, Carolyn will teach fencing... and much more! Would be cool to contact Food not Bombs (bring food, offer advice, join in). Also help with set-up and tear-down of event. Orchestra would like to collaborate with LED team. Tabling okay and encouraged. Help to publicise.
* James announces hacker fellowship proposal.
* Cynthia announces that Diatomacious earth was not delivered. Door bell was disabled and Fedex delivery was not recieved.

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =
* No one present to membership

= Financial Report =
* No one present to present report
* Funds in bank: $37,611.44
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary): $16556.03

= Consensus items =

== [[One or two bullet points of high-level meeting summary. Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==
''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==
''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

'''Proposal to ban Brandon from the space [typical language]'''
* Brandon who had been using/sleeping/living in the DJ Booth with frequency lately, was asked to leave this morning
* Grivences include grossly inappropriate use of the space and offensive communication
* Brandon arrives and speaks on greatly respecting the space, feeling disrespected by others,
* '''Brandon has agreed not to come back til coming Tuesday meeting'''

'''Proposal to providing funding for hacker fellowships brought by James'''
* If Noisebridge has 3 months worth of rent (all expenses), then the fellowship will continue.
* Specific amount of money for this fund, $2k allocated to the fellowship every month for instance
* If fellows are underbudget the money rolls over month-to-month
* Disbursement of funds? Maybe consensed on at weekly Noisebridge meeting
* Do not think disbursement needs consensus
* Details need to be fool-proofed
* Suggestion to put out Request for Proposal (RFP)
* No rush
* Not be consensed on next week specifically to stirr discussion and get more details

'''Mark O'Neil returns to appeal his ban'''
* Mark discribes what happend, in detail, believing it to have been a prank
* Mark acknowldges that the cheesecake incident was inappropriate
* Mark had not become aware that he was banned until a fews days back
* The seriousness of Mark's actions are articulated and have been noted by the banning
* Cynthia suggests that Mark be unbanned so long as he is always sober at Noisebridge
* Mark will wait a couple of months before coming back to appeal the ban

= Discussion Notes =

'''God Waffel Noise Pancakes'''
* Noisebridge host event on September 22nd
* Douglas volunteers to bottomline the event
* One enthusiastic response from the list
* Will it interfere with anything else? DnD? Lock picking?
* Donations would be split with Noisebridge
* There will be vegan pancakes
* Music will be made with homemade and off-the-self insturment

'''Skyler'''
* Asked to leave and not come back with Brandon this morning
* He was respectful, and left
* Skyler should not return to Noisebridge until the coming Tuesday meeting

= Attendance =
* Mark - work with some friends
* Adam - like to build things
* Dana - working on LED stuff
* Monad - I tinker around
* Cynthia - Supports keeping internet accessible
* Douglas - audio
* Tyler - Databases
* Kevin - Brains and sleep
* Dan - Programmer with brain/mind interestes
* Jade - Python and Neurohacking group participation
* Matthew - see friends
* Marten - Art, music and electronics
* Pan - Pantrimtab, continuation of the human race here by accident
* Mojotu - electronics looking for tips modding an 80s drum machine
* Craig - learn more about programming, computers
* crw - from bound together
* Jarrod - maker and junior architect

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]
Now that the meeting is over, don't forget to '''post the meeting notes to the wiki''' and e-mail the discussion list with a short summary.