Meeting Notes 2010-09-14 
 The 127th Meeting of Noisebridge

== Crew ==
'''Get someone to grab the membership binder now. Get someone to take notes.'''

* Moderator: Shannon
* Note-Taker: Steve

== Agenda ==
=== Introduction and Names ===
NAMES

* Rachel Defenestration McConnell
* Alison - library stuff
* Nicket - FUNemployed
* Shannon - unsure
* Joe - Software Engineer
* Jessica - happened upon here today, FUNemployed, fire spinner, novice {welder,everything} wanting to learn about F/OSS and Python &amp;c
* Moxie - Institute for Disrupting Stuff
* Maddie Sallon - Interaction Designer, bacon alarm clock (over there)
* Andy - balloon
* Seth - slide about Moxie
* Goatee Fellow (called Josh by earthlings) - is a person
* Rupert - video, balloons, learn stuff, loves us
* Steve - fucking hippie shoes
* Carl - FUNemployment going on sabbatical next week, likes to code
* Mike Kan - technofloater
* Jason - security project manager, forgot how to build things; getting back; met Slim at DNA lounge; worked at syszygrd; now he is here
* 2 People with laptops - ?????
* Kelly - academia, brains, dark room, misc electronics stuff
* Elizabeth - pharmacist, (mumbling, can't hear)
* Iskie - contracted upper respiratory infection as an STD

ABOUT

* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you!

=== Announcements ===

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: like, some. More than $2000, less than prudent reserve

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month.
* Anyone up for join this week should introduce them selves then leave the area in search of gifts for the rest of the group.

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

===== Weekly =====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* Pyclass at 7ish
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 6PM
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM - sometimes they make hats.
* [[Machine_Learning]] - Tuesdays
* Linux system administration certification study group (several days)
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays
* Knots, [[Go]], and [[Locks!]] - Sunday afternoons, as needed.

===== Non-weekly =====
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]]

=== Project Updates ===

=== Consensus items ===

=== Discussion Items ===

====Moxie:====

October 1st - nominally some type of anniversary for Noisebridge. Do we want to have an event?

Planning an event elsewhere that would work well in this space:

Deal is this. You have an event, and it costs $10 to participate in it. The entire event is deciding what to do with the money. Collectively decide: booze, bouncy castle, fleet of kayaks, airplane hangar. Fun, ADD-type party-style atmosphere. E.g.: Computer vision with colored cards; everyone gets a card and votes against an OCR thinger. Projectors with screens researching and typing in options, voting. Music playing, drinking, etc.

Rachel Defenestration sponsors this event: on the agenda for next week as an item.

No wait, we don't need consensus. Andy: "pfft. Fuck rulings." Done.

Talk about it on the list!

Moxie will be coordinating.

ALSO, he wants help with writing the software and setting up. Talk to Moxie.

ALSO, majority rules. NOT CONSENSUS TECHNICALLY

====Seth====

Went to Argentina. Brought back Yerba Mate for Noisebridge. Not carbonated or sweetened! Does, however, taste like bitter ass (in a positive way). Hopefully someone enjoys it. Also, been in touch with Ilia Vasilyev, who runs the civil hackers school in Russia. Moved here for a year to become a Zen priest at the SF Zen Center. Wants to run the civil hackers school in San Francisco. Trying to figure out where to do it.

The civil hackers school involves meeting two evenings a week and studying hacking.

Is there a time and classroom where it would fit here?

Anything on the wiki that's not actually recurring? Hard to say; Kelly's working on it. Elaborate webcam solution proposed.

====Jason====

Question: has stuff to get rid of. What do we not want?

No CRTs, no broken electronics that can't be salvaged, no garbage.

Recommendation: sit down with one or two anal-retentive people and go over the list.

Alternative: just show up at night and leave it here.

Elaborate philosophical paradox posed.

====Shannon====

Our treasurer's term is up. Time to consense on a new treasurer. We have a s/sucker/volunteer/ willing to be the new treasurer. Decided that there should be several weeks of discussion in case of controversy and also if anyone s/is dumb enough/wants/ to volunteer.

How much work is it?

Fucking lot. "Single most working officer position" says Rachel D. ~2-5 hrs/wk. Kelly + ad-hoc minions trying to do audit of stuff.

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder by the Shrine at the northeast corner.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]