Meeting Notes 2009-06-02 
 = Crew =
* Moderator: [[User:dr_jesus|Dr. Jesus]]
* Notes:

= Agenda Items =
== Announcements ==
* What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]].
* Treasurer's report
* [[Maker Faire 2009]]

=== Project Updates ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===
* PyClass (Monday 6:30PM, 83c)
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
* [[Haskell/Haschool|Haschool]] (Tuesday 6:00PM, 83c)
* [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
* Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Thursdays, 83c)
* Shop Class - Fridays (8pm, 83c)
* Natural Language Corners
** [[German]] Thursdays 6:30PM 83c, beginners earlier, advanced come later.
* [[Sensebridge]] Cyborg Group (Sundays)
* [[OpenEEG]]
* [[DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge]]
* Go on Sunday 3pm
* Hologlyphics/Noisebridge Grant Proposal Update - [[Hologlyphic Video Art]]
* [[Adobe_Lightroom|Adobe Lightroom Class]]

== Consensus Items ==
No items have been discussed to death, so no quick decisions.

=== Membership Binder ===
* Reading Names
* New member approvals

&lt;strike>=== Other Business ===
* IRS request for additional information&lt;/strike> (see below)

== Discussion topics ==
* Air compressor in the shop
* 'Kids in space': Project funding proposal for Noisebridge Summer Camp
* Anti-funk power washing in the alley proposal: Alleviate Alley Aroma?
* Proliant colocation
* Fundraising for address space from ARIN
* MakerBot for Noisebridge?
* [[IRS_Response_2009_06|Status of 501c3 application]] (David Molnar)
* New possible location to present:  [[http://www.georgejohnson.net/content/featuredprop.html/86230092|475 Valencia]] (R. Miloh Alexander)
* Powerbocking class
* 445 Stevenson

= Notes =
* Add links to every agenda item up.
* Volunteers to lead the next meeting?

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]