Meeting Notes 2010-01-05 
 = Crew =

Moderator: Seth

Note-Taker: Alex Peake 

Attendee Count: 12

Officers: Ani

=Rollcall=
*Rachel: Forgot to call guy about Serger he will be called tomorrow
*Jason: 
*Michael:
*Ani: 
*Ozzy: Opening a box shop workshop to make noise!
*Jean Michel:C&amp;C milling!
*Mike:
*Harry: New in town, engineer heard about it
*John: 
*Andreas: 
*Alex Peake:
*Shannon:

= Preflight Checklist =

Please set your cell phones to vibrate.

Go get the membership binder.

Set your seatbacks and tray tables to their full, upright positions.

Remove any personal items from your lap for the first and last hour of the meeting.

No wireless devices of any kind will be allowed for the duration of the meeting.

All passengers must submit to a full body pat-down, concentrating on the torso and thighs, prior to the meeting

All passenger luggage must be hand inspected at the gate, concentrating on liquids and powders.

([http://gizmodo.com/5435188/leaked-homeland-securitys-post-underwear-bomb-airplane-rules?skyline=true&amp;s=x I'm not making this up, folks].)

= Agenda Items =

== Announcements ==

Flip Video Spotlight Program: 2 for 1 cameras are available, ask Ani.

Pirate Party of San Francisco: Anyone interested? We should figure out what legalities exist for doing political things in and around the Noisebridge 501c3. If interested, hail Alex Peake empowerthyself@gmail.com.

Pumpingstation One is raising funds to buy an embroidery machine to offer hackerspaces embroidery services and patchmaking. We've even reigistered theresabadgeforthat.com in anticipation of hacker badge making interest. If you're interested in helping raise money to buy a machine or making badges, there's a badge for that.

Jinn a fellow noisebridger has joined the Marines and was injured in her fall. She's recovering in Paris Island recovery center and would lovee for people to send her cookies and to hear from Noisebridgers.  Her letter is on the bulletin board.

=== Introduction and Names ===

=== What Noisebridge [[Noisebridge_Vision|is about]] ===

=== Treasurer's Report ===
* If you made a donation in 2009 and want a receipt for tax purposes, send an email to treasurer@noisebridge.net with your full name, mailing address, the item or amount donated (and if money, the method), and the date of the donation.

Amount in bank: $16,400

Accounts receivable: $X

=== Very brief primer on Noisebridge consensus process ===

There is a consensus process.  Ask three people what they think the consensus process is and that's the consensus process.  This procedure is intended to get new members to talk to people so we can get to know one another.

=== Membership binder ===

=== What's Going On at Noisebridge ===

''One '''short''' sentence about each of the following:''

=====Weekly=====
* [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (7PM, 2169)
* [[PythonMondays | Python Mondays]] (6:30 PM, 2169) 
* [[Project Euler]] now on Tuesdays at 7:00 p.m.
* [[SCoW]] craft group - Wednesdays at 7PM
* [[GameDevelopment]] - Wednesdays at 8PM, back from Berlin and 2010 class is in session
* Shop Friday still plans to come back when the shop is done.
* [[Sensebridge]] and the EEG group - Sundays at afternoonish (1-2ish) - come to try brain scanning
* [[Spacebridge]] - Sundays at 5PM planning meeting this Sunday to decide on payload budget on
* Where will we launch from? Lots of ideas. There's size limits for payloads but everyone interested should discuss afterwards.
* Knots Go and Locks - Sundays 3PM

=== Project Updates ===

====2169 Mission====
* Electrical: Work was done to wire the overhead skylight powerbox, noted absence of any kind of grounding for power coming out of box yet, could be wired for 3 phase but panels plugging into it aren't 3 phase, overhead and electrical shop remains to be grounded
* Library: Crutcher Asks About Library Plans. We say try something and consult people who care about it.
* Kitchen: Z says counter being grouted for 24 hours and we have a nice induction countertop. Discussion of static vs dynamic routing is out of scope!
* Network: 
* Heat: Other other plastic sheet got put in to improve insulation on skylights.
* EE lab:
* Darkroom
* Proposal: Costume room to go with the darkroom for lab coats and cloaks and other sciencey outfits.

====Noisecloud====
Noisebridge now has server power available. To find out more about the server access, ask Dr. Jesus.

====26C3 debrief====
It was awesome.
*Noisebridge *Talks were great! All are being downloaded by bittorrent and will be on local Pony server to watch soon. Highly recommended talks by Noisebridgers and others on topics like Memetics, Photography, Tor, Chaos VPN, GSM hacking, Threadhacking, etc.
*Journey To End Of The Year was great success. Check out Journey To The End of the Night to participate in future Journeys.

== Consensus items ==

== Postflight Checklist ==

* Thank you all for coming to this episode of Noisebridge meeting, see you all same time, same place next week. 

* Copy new meeting notes for next week, update main page on wiki.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]