Meeting Notes 2015-08-18 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 370th Meeting of Noisebridge]. Note-taker: [[User:M4R1]]; Moderator: [[User:Tman66]]


= Introductions =

* Yemel:  argentina, works for a company in SF. worked remotely in Buenos Aires and rented a place where they all worked together. hacked projs in spare time. interested in the concept of a hacker space
* Paul: from montreal
* Jack: DC and boston. moved here in nov.
* Sloan: sf been involved in this space for a while
* Dan: conneticut, went to school in Philly, been here a year. 
* Gordon: works with yemel, read homeland and read about  noisebridge. found a hackerspace in atlanta. 
* Joyti: lawyer, but teaching herself to code. hoping to become philanthropist
* Andrew: makes music and games. likes creating stuff
* Ami: introduced through mari. here for Unity class.
* Luis: makes art and games. also here for runity
* Yoshi: from japan. majoring in marketing and a bit of computer science. friend in japan told him about 
* Nathan: computer scientist by education, game designer by trade
* Mark: game designer, interested in all sorts of game stuff.  likes doing art, music, etc. 
* Mari: i like video games and i’m taking notes
* J: been around nb for a while since teh reboot. sysadmin. #1 reasons why i love this place is that this reflects what i truly believe that knowledge should be f ree, available and accessible to everyone. all you need is desire and time, and that’s why i love NB

= Short announcements and events =

* Mark: gamejam this weekend. ludum dare. lots of cool ideas that become successful games happen there
* J: 5mof: this thursday, 5 mins, talk about anything. perfect platform, like a project or anything interesting. thurs: around 7:30
* Sloan: next tues or wed: london based japanese artist yuri suzuki. get him to do a 45 mins talk tues or wed. 

= [[ Membership Binder ]] =

* No member applications tonite :(

= [[Philanthropists]]=


* joyti: always here, 11-11. wants to be here more!

* j: sees her all the time, good asset to the community


* gordon: not local, lives in ATL. having lots of conversations with wife and friends. wanna open a hackerspace in ATL. we resembled the model he wants to follow. wants to start financially.

* j: he exemplifies what noisebridge is, not elitist, not exclusive, likes opennes, as long as you’re being positive. don’t judge, keep on hacking. really impressed, just wants to contribute money.

= Financial Report =
* J: not much, another 3 years! till 2018! improvements with another three years! woo!

= Consensus and Discussion =
== [[ Consensus Items History | Proposals from last week ]] ==

* NONE THANK FUCK

== [[ Current Consensus Items | Proposals for next week ]] ==

* AGAIN NO CONSENSUS ITEMS SWEET MERCIFUL JESUS

== Discussion Items ==

* alex: dude from the gov’ment stopped by since submission closed, all eyes on us. we should come up with a way to mitigate issues re: this



[[Category:Meeting Notes]]