Meeting Notes 2009-04-07 
 = Agenda Items =
* What Noisebridge is about.
* Regular Happenings
** [[Circuit_Hacking_Mondays|Circuit Hacking Mondays]] (8PM, 83c)
** Pyclass (Monday at 6:30PM, 83c)
** [[Machine Learning]] Wednesdays (8PM, 83c)
** Science/Engineering Huddle (8PM Thursdays, 83c)
** Natural Language Corners
** Sense Extension/Sensebridge/Cyborgism Group (Sundays)
** [[OpenEEG]]
** Cyborg
** Go on Sunday 3pm
* [[RFID Hacking]] weekend workshop Saturday 2009-04-11 (this event recently moved from the original March date)
* [[First aid and CPR class]] - Completed, went well.  Should have another at some point.
* [[Five Minutes of Fame]] coming up on April 16th
* DC3 Forensics Challenge
* [[Membership Team]] meeting report
* Treasurer's report
* Project status
** [[Big LED Screen]]
** [[Light bar]] (discussed after 9pm if possible, please? -[[User:sofauxboho|Reed]])
* No Starch Press offer for Noisebridge
* Selling drinks at a profit to fund Noisebridge? (Consensus happening tonight!)
** [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Club-Mate "Club Mate"] at Noisebridge?
* Expanding Noisebridge?
** Josh has buddies that have taken over an adjacent 83 unit?  Have they moved in yet?  Could we trade them for the diagonal one before they move in?  We want to do this sooner than later, since it's much easier to get people to move if they haven't moved in yet.
* Noisebridge social club
** Lets face it: Tuesday night is not for hacking, it's the de facto social night
* Noisebridge at the SF [http://www.makerfaire.com/ Maker Faire] - also, the NB page: [[Maker Faire 2009]]
** Noisebridge booth
** Huge Hardware Hacking Area
** Hacker space talk
* ToorCamp/HAR
** Lets go camping!
* DIYBio - update  -- praveen can't make it, fridge will be out within the megasecond (by friday a unmarked black van will come and get it, email praveen if problems)
** Does the black van supply a 120vac power source?  If not, it may be more prudent to use a white van to minimize the heating of the unpowered refrigerator
* Safety review procedures / review process
* Talk with Twin City Maker group.
* read membership folder names

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]