Meeting Notes 2012-05-01 
 = Instructions =
* '''Delete these instructions section before posting completed minutes.'''
* Pick a moderator and a note-taker.
* Optionally: pick a membership-binder-wrangler; otherwise the moderator can take care of it.

== Note-taker ==
* Open a text editor to take notes on the major points of the meeting, using this page at the template.
* Project the draft meeting notes and agenda in real time throughout the meeting.
* Edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is proposed for consensus next week.
* Edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was reached consensus or failed to reach consensus this week.
* Post the meeting notes to this page, and email out a summary with a link.
* Tell treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members.

== Moderator==
* Understand the structure of Noisebridge [[consensus|decision-making]]
* Make sure everyone gets a chance to speak.
* Speak only minimally yourself.
* Keep the meeting moving, and avoid getting bogged down.
* Identify discussion items, arrange times limits for talking about each item.
* Identify and summarize consensus, suggest things that need to be done.
* '''Get the [[membership binder]] and ensure that it is returned safely.'''

== Participants ==
* Say your name before you talk.
* Remain on-topic, and speak as concisely as possible.
* Assist the note-taker with any links or corrections that are needed.
* Remain respectful of other participants, their time, and the consensus and moderation process.

= Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 214th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Nic

Moderator: FIXME THEIR NAME HERE
 
== Introduction and Names ==

* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to explain''' [[Noisebridge_Vision|what Noisebridge is about]]:
&lt;blockquote>Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."&lt;/blockquote>
* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to give '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.
* Introduce any new or unusual moderation techniques that you may be using during the meeting like: direct responses, limited speaking time, orderless stack, &amp;c.
* Round of introductions (remember, announcements come later):
** What's your name, 
** are you a member,
** what do you do, and
** if you are new: how did you hear about Noisebridge?

Noise bridge is a collaborative space that umm... (people lying) err. where the how to? 501 c3  provides space, powertool, infrastructure etc. exists on membership fees and donations. and enthusiasm. 


introductions:

* leif: moderating
* carl pro huker
* liz writer electronics, organizing library
* hype writing software for work. and fun sorting bolts
* sean- secret agent
* someone needs a nut
* nick- likes lua in c. possibly has death wish
* eric is sitting in
* mike - working on deep hack project digital sperlunking getting deep and mike is getting dirty with his pc
* michel - 
* za is not a hacker
* jesse likes to do projects
* nic taking notes
* snail! is a snail
* tom between fixing peoples websites and such
* will is working on working on website, 
* Martin
* kevin here to learn about networking
* weev representing black homosexuals
* robert is a product of DARPA
* kayla 
* levi getting an idea of whats going on here. 

== Short Announcements ==

* Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!
* Any happenings at the space of which members should be made aware.

carlos has some servers with good graphics cards. possible donation to noisebridge
hackers from germany - sebastian and daniel - took analog data writer thing and microcontroller that sebastian had created and designed himself. it draws images. and hes donating the plane that we flew in Deloris park. 

appointment at score.org, they provide good feedback on business ideas

brewing night tuesday at 9:30

Tom can help people fix their websites/ mentor on html css
username: flamsmark

send stuff to fuckyeah.noisebridge.tumblr.com or something



== New or Stale Events ==
* Is there anything new happening at the space?
* Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?
* If this is the first meeting of the month, review all the [[:Category:Events | events at the space]] and try to weed out stale events.

gamebridge is no olnger on wiki
mushroom thing on monday should be taken off . no one is there to run the evennt even though people show up.


== [[Membership Binder]] ==
* '''Invite a knowledgeable volunteer to describe''' [[membership]], and the application process.
&lt;blockquote>Being a member of Noisebridge is not like being a member of a gym or your local chess club. Anyone can come to Noisebridge to hack and learn: you don't need to be a member for that. At Noisebridge, membership is something different: it means taking responsibility and committing to help to maintain, improve, and govern Noisebridge. As a member of Noisebridge, you don't just come here to hack and learn, you actively work to improve what you see around you, help to deal with problems, and make this community better than it is today.&lt;/blockquote>
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone eligible to join this week should
** introduce themselves,
** answer any questions members may have for them, then
** leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime, or cookies) for the rest of the group.
* The rest of the meeting should reach consensus on whether they may join.
* Remember to applaud new members when they return.


Monad thinks this place is an interesting experiment. He is applying for membership. 
Sean is applying for membership as well. Just waiting for people to vouch for membership. Two signatures is min, more os better. 
Sean is a long time it tech vet. security, sysadmin. multicolored head gear. "this is an extremely cool collection of talent and ideology"

awesome.





== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank:
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):


== Consensus items ==
You may wish to '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to repeat '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on the consensus process]].


=== Proposals from last week ===

''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Proposals for next week ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

== Discussion Items ==

If an item of discussion drags on too long, further discussion may be postponed until after the meeting ends.

During discussion, it is not necessary to write down exact what each person says. Record the topics of discussion, and any items of consensus or controversy here. Detailed descriptions of the conversation should go on the discuss page for this meeting.

Should we (more formally) formalize the way we introduce new ppl to the dangerous equipment in the shop?  ~hipe

Also, door buzzer? ~hipe

currently no door buzzer at the door. buzzer was removed because it was loosened from cable ties. someone may have clipped wire. want to fix buzzer. does anyone else want to help?

Ashin also working on buzzer. faceplate in storage. 

some time ago there was a method for allowing the buzzer to open the door upon depression. It was only used for mass events. but for some reason that circuit doesnt work. during 5mof and circuit hacking, what is the state of the door buzzer?

buzzer is landlords responsibility. but we broke it. we did/did not? get permission to screw around with buzzer. 

most likely expired. 

the original birth of the box, it was birthed by the landlord. 

there was also some jerry rigging of a mouse. 

1. the last person who worked on the buzzer said the problem was originating at the place where the sound was made. 
2. this is a very important place to discuss this.

'''how to fix problem: stand in front of the buzzer with a tool in your hand and try to look intelligent. '''


end of discussion


people messing with keycodes and stuff should nt mess with this. what are their names? they should geton the build list. 

more to say about buzzer. there are rumors about who cut the line.


it costs about 50 bucks to run to the dump. is anyone interested in helping with the removal of waste from noisebridge? this is with a zip car. somebodys mother had a truck that she would kindly let us use to move our garbage from on place to another

The police were called yesterday. 




Also, should there be an ongoing nominal fund for first aid kits? ~hipe





Za would like to talk about violence at noisebridge 

on redord: he would rather eat his fingers than come toecause recipient is /o  one of these meetings

yesterday za came to nb got a face full of violence. 

not a hacker. not a radical pacifist. 

would like to put notions on the table as to what violence is

someone orders another to do something= violence. because recipient is without choice
someone asks another to leave= non-violence because they still have agency

imposing sense of aestheitic on another is not good. za observed people imposing aesthetic on another through violence. we should discuss protocol for what to do in the face of violence. 

should we use violence to describe when a person tells someone else to do something?

community discussion about incident that had transpired. 


what the fuck happened:
by james

was in space teaching sysadmin calss. Cynthis was in the space, she spends a lot of time in kitchen, associates with occupy movement. arrived through elevator and two members immediately confronted her and told her that she was not a good part of the community. this was not a space for her to be at for any arbitrary reason. they wanted her to leave and come back during this meeting. she did not want to leave. the situation became more tenuous. someone decided that they needed to call the police. the police ended up coming and removed her from the building and it was awkward. Miloh talked her down. jesse was talking to her., members were talking to her. eventually i went on for a really long time. 

done. questions?

jesse was one of the poepleinvolved. was part of decision to call police. it was very stressful situation. no one wanted to heighten the situation. could have handled without calling police. now we are developing better tools to handle this type of situation without calling the poilice. 

Za came in the door. cynthis was next to door. jesse and weev wanted her to leave right there and then. za wanted to be agnostic, but assumed that she had something violent. but that was not the case. tried to moderate. cynthis asked interrigators why she was being kicked out. violence was not an issue. got whole list of issues, asked guys to back off and za will talk with her. caution is the better part of valor . retreat, come abck tomorrow. she did not want to be a pushover. that was a need, she did not want to allow herself to be trampled on. Za thinks people were using force to get her out of here because of her aesthetics. 

It did not sound like there was a particular action taht resulted in people asking her to leave. it was a do-ocratic banning. in the past, this is tradditionally discussed in meetings. she has a role, she may be annoying and mentially ill, but that is not a reason to kick her out. 

reasons you might get kicked out: being violent, creepy, scary. 

does not like that it was not discussed and that people called the cops into the space.

when i first came up to cynthia,impression from initial discussion from jessee that she was there was a discussion taht had taken place. she was very aggressive and in your face. 

there has been a lot of discussions on this subject. on the discuss list. but she may not have been aware of this. 

called police, told cynthia that police were called. about an our later they arrived. there were about 7 people around her arguing. she locked herself in the toilet. a police woman had to talk her out. cynthia asked to talk with miloh, they didm then he walked her out. 

situation did not seem safe for anybody involved. The best time to call police is before this type of situation escalates.

there was a huge meeting before 5mof in the church classroom discussin taht this is not a resource center to use the internet or a place to come and find shelter. How do we get the poeple who are not using the space for what its for, how do we get them out of the space in a comfortable, do-ocratic way. (indirect quote from mitch?)

what i think about cynthia is irrelivant. what the main this is how do we cultivate open space. 
question: to waht extent was she notified that she is not welcome?
people have talked with her, but she may have not received that information/ 

would she go get coffee with miloh to talk about how she is not welcome?

she may have put noisebridge down as her space for residence. 

she was never told to leave perminately. she was told to leave now and come back to get a better understanding of the situation. 

look at the mediation and conflict resolution pages on the wiki

what do we want to achieve in this discussion? this is a problem that we run into often. people are not contributing, people do not appreciate, but nobody acts on it until there is an incident. 

people dont like situation, eventually someone do-ocratically boils over and band someone. 

used to think this was totally wrong. but this may be the only catalyst that keeps people from being passive aggressive and inactive. 

what if two people try and tell eachother to leave the space?

should we make a formal acceptance process to avoid the situation. that is the opinion of one individual. 

there could be a lower threshhold for non-members to get a lesser membership. 

What are definitions for what is a "hacker" because it basically boils down to a popularity contest. what are signals that can show people that they are about to get kicked out? there is a culture of fear at noisebridge. people have fear based projects. people are really afraid of being kicked out so they start these fear based projects. and the third thing: cynthis was accused of being overbearing and using authority to control the kitchen. 

one time race said it was members only time at 2am

Cyntia should not come back to the space because her behavious is not excellent, does not try to be more excellent, and does not understand how her actions are unexcellent

[redacted]

indirect response to previous statement: this place is for education and collaboration. 

1) is it appropriate for people in this space to decide taht someone else should be here, not because they are violent, but because they are not good for the space? if people are degrading the quality of the space, consistently over time, that person can be asked to leave. it was appropriate to ask her to leave.
2) was this the best way? no. it was the bay of fucking pigs. the only positive result was that cynthia wasnt here anymore. there were cops. 

the above perception of the general concensus is not completely right. its about 80% right. if someone is part of the community and someone decides to do-ocratically ban an individual, then lots of poeple will be angry. the best thing to do is to bring it up at a meeting. 


other discussion items: (omg, no)

someone got drunk and started throwing things. immediate safety was violated and person was physically removed. we have mediation methods for this and they should be used outside of the meeting

did we not just have an hour long talk on how to remove crazy homeless women who just want to clean the kitchen? drunk people throwing things and making threats on peoples personal safety is a reason to call the cops... but he left on his own accord. 





Also, 6-7 workstations and tons of servers are potentially available. power inefficient. 5 years old. 2 have intel dual core graphics cards. could be used for laser cutter, cnc. also lots of scuzzy drives. or something you know what i mean.

if we dont want any of this, there is a loving home where it can go. It would be cool to give hacker moms a first pick because they are a new space. we dont really have policies around this, but public terminal tend to get beat up. 3 public terminals set up in past, used for facebooking (not hacking) (social hacking?)

it would be cool if we could get a better machine for the laser cutter. What do we do with the servers. Dan, the kid with the roller blades said we could do something with them. 

It would be a great idea to email rack list. figure out what their opinion is. servers represent liability because we dont want to host poeples web sites here. 

servers draw more energy, we dont really need them. if desired you can VM a server and it will work just fine. 

in conclusion: hacker moms get first dibs. If we could get machines for laser cutter, cnc that would be cool. 

background: hackerspace in ann arbor they had liability release form. flashback to yesterday: youre in a room. theres 150 poeple. college kids in room want to make a thing. they have pliers on a bolt. they strip it. next thing you know the bolt is stripped AND reverse threaded. We do not have any mechanism to train people on proper power tool use. poeple in the shop should be aware that these are dangerous machines. propose: we need to be certified to use these machines. noisebridge token or facebook credits or sometjing

tech shop does not face these same legal issues. 

this topic could benefit from discussion list. not any clear solutions. but its a good discussion

Eric has taken on a role in the shop. has experience. repaired tools, educates people who use the tools. open to communicating with people who are interested in this area. 

four basic rools:
no lose clothing
always use giude to push piece
dont use your hands
always turn off when youre done
always wear goggles. 

BUT theres no rules at nosebridge. maybe we could look at these as recommendations. 

In the past, there was a safety committee. but it died. we cant really stop pepople from being damned fools, but we could have signs. if we had a sign at the entry way that says " by coming in you agree that you are responsible for your own safety. as you should be anywhere in this world. 

whats at stake here? steak? we dont want a personal injusy lawsuit taht could end nbz as we know it. 

we have really nice insurance and plenty of warnings about how this place could potentially be dangerous to your health. 
NBURLs for every piece of equipment. videos of how to use stuff. would be great for learning

legality? we cant make poeple sign forms because we cant monitor whos using the shop. we can give warnings before people go in but theres no guarantee that "we" can watch them as they go in. 

sign: "please read every sign when youre here"

killer rating: probability taht this machine will kill you. for example, 4.3


someone cut themselves. it was a gusher. they needed medical paraphernalia. and didnt know where to find it. they went to the kit at pillar 7 but the supplies had been ravaged. we need standards for what is in a medical kit. rachel spent a long time trying to get the first aid kit more functional 

it is a reasonable thing to spend money on? in reference to a medical kit. 

this is something that a collection would be appropriate. 

(someone donates $20 on the spot)

were going to talk with rachel about the needs for this kit. 


also, proper layout for  fire extinguishers and medkits and stuff. this has been started but its not finished 


people seem to be into this. New safety committee!?

theres a wiki page about safety committees somewhere on the wiki. from a really long time ago. 







== End of Meeting ==
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Return the [[membership binder]] to it's rightful location.
* Clean and tidy the meeting notes, then save them to the wiki.
* Send a summary of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker or robot.
* Discuss any items for which there was not time during the meeting.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]