Meeting Notes 2017-05-09 
 * noisebridge unmeeting 05-09-2017
    
    + alex maker faire
    + juan mate
    + gareth philantropist
    + cowlicks meetings
    + x 5mof (not now)
    + trent announcement
    + jarrod announcement
    + george and marky - vr stuff
    + cowlicks safe space discussion
    + ryan - should we require people to use the wiki?
    + jarrod - announcement
    
    ** alex maker faire
    finalizing maker faire plans and prep. simbridge? is a virtual reality
    exposition of noisebridge. 3d model of noisebridge. experiences of
    actual noisebridge with 360 camera. wants to capture as much as
    possible of actual noisebridge between now and then. wants
    suggestions!
    
    jarrod - signup for maker faire is on its way to the announcement list
    in the moderation queue. looking for volunteers. thurs 18, early
    morning, uhaul, san mateo. friday 13:00-17:00. a little bit of
    setup. after friday there's a dinner. and we can see things without
    people there. saturday 10:00-19:00, sunday 10:00-18:00, then takedown,
    bring things back to noisebridge. two projects: simbridge and
    ordibooth. next tuesday there will be a training session. 19:30?
    
    thex - unofficial makerfaire soire? unofficial hangout. thursday after
    5mof at noisebridge. possibly official/unofficial. a lot of people can
    come by. also 5mof mighyt be cool for makerfaire people to talk about
    makerfaire.
    
    lxkpk - do we need party prep?  thex - not sure, we can blow the doors
    off if people want. cool.
    
    consensus is that we should party prep. official or unofficial. thex
    will look for one more person to help. multiple people offer to chip
    in.
    
    dj? thex is planning on setting it up. we'll see if it happens.
    
    short interlude on who opens the door.
    
    **  juan mate
    order is in. this week or next week. emailed 2600 guy about when and
    heads up. we should organize some people to collect it. will put that
    in #group-by when we have more info. probably worth discussing where
    we will store it.
    
    thex - what's the bottom line?  juan - 40 cases. some are allocated
    for noisebridge, some are allocated for people. some are up for
    grabs. ideally purchasable like beer for people to buy in the
    space. 8-10 bottles in a case.
    
    ** trent gareth wants to be a philantropist
    
    trent.
    
    gareth - he's a 3d programmer trying to be in a startup. trying to
    make a tool for vr makers? 
    
    lxpk - we have a 360 camera and we'd love to talk to you
    
    trent - we should explain how this works. what's a philantropist?
    
    lxpk - someone who wants to contribute financially and
    socially. 24-hour access. being excellent to each other. sponsorship
    by a member.
    
    $500? 5 mill? what ever you want.
    
    cowlicks - how do we get rid of a philantropist?
    
    lxpk - a member can unphilantropize them. also what's a member? like a
    philantropist but 4 weeks, two sponsors, consensus.
    
    trent - normal noisebridge rules apply to everyone.  does anyone
    object to gareth? nope! trent will introduce gareth to being a
    philantropist.
    
    thex - what's the status of the board, treasurer, etc? can we confirm
    that we have all our obligations? 
    
    jarrod - brings up a good point that we used to have an officers
    page. dunno if that has been updated. but we shouldn't require people
    to be on slack.
    
    ryan - but we shouldn't require people to use the wiki too. especially kids.
    
    trent - operational security is important too. so we've taken steps to
    reduce amount of public info.
    
    thex - single point of contact. 
    
    augur - there's a wiki list but prob not accurate.
    
    cowlicks - board doesn't do anything. they've taken an oath not to do
    anything. there for legal purposes. but some legal liability.
    
    trent - united states law requires us to have a board.
    
    thex - secretary and treasurer are important.
    ** cowlicks meetings
    
    cowlicks - does anyone have any ideas or problems with what we do at
    meetings? does anyone think our meetings are perfect? (no) does anyone have
    suggestions? (yes)
    
    main objections: doesn't like when people pitch things to
    noisebridge. been to a couple that are very pitchy with a captive
    audience. we need a way for people to find others interested but tone
    it down a little bit.
    
    darryl - people who want to pitch things should be at 5mof. ryan -
    that would be great. cowlicks - if they want to pitch things they can
    go to a meetup.
    
    cowlicks - second thing: at meetings when contentious topics come up,
    some people are inclined to discuss them outside of the the
    meeting. think we should take the chance at the meeting to discuss
    problems or drama. not necessarily bringing things to the meeting but
    open discussion about how we handled things. feels like at meetings
    hard things are avoided to not scare people. it
    
    responses:
    + jarrod - all the stuff you suggested falls under the moderator's
      discussion. moderator can decide. moderator could stop a pitch or
      suggest saving it for another person. moderator is never required to
      follow list on page.  moderator should always push for how they want
      meetings to run.
      + cowlicks - definitely true but this discussion is part of it.
      + thex - worthwhile time to enhance moderating notes. good to have
        an open discussion.
    + lizzie - meetings are very structured, kind of boring frankly.
      + lxpk - some parts of the meeting get rushed for time reasons. more
        than controversy-fearing. we can streamline certain
        things. section called the manual. made a poster to pay attention
        to it. a manual could be printed. the idea of the meeting is not
        to require computers to participate. a printout could be
        useful. we could put things there encouraging people to read and
        have access to. suggestion: printed manual is actual embodiment
        without having to go into whole long things.
    
     +
    + luke - facilitating vs moderating. unconference facilitation model
      called fishbowl e.g. two people in middle, third person can come and
      kick someone out. so it's a good way to have discussions.
    + george - when you guys have meetings, you guys do talk about?
      + lxpk - we have topics.
      + ryan - twice in a row we've had unmeetings.
    + cowlicks - no hard action item. but we should speak up at meetings
      about how it's being run. we should ask questions. likes idea of a
      handout. suggestions: safe space, membership and philantropy are
      things we should talk about.
    + lxpk - definitions can be written in full detail, even with
      dissenting versions, we should have that. during the meeting we can
      discuss how we think it's evolving. e.g. "how are we feeling about
      having a safe space".
    + jarrod: would like to see more scaffolding on the safe space
      discussion. the safe space discussion doesn't have any scaffolding
      on the wiki, ideally we'll get an organic discussion. and that's
      missing on the meeting
    + lxpk - the discussion page and the wiki format are designed to help
      evolve content like this. we don't want to set things in stone. we
      could work on things with the normal wiki process even though it can
      be frustrating. e.g. editing wikipedia can be a bad experience but
      noisebridge can be better.
    + thex - typed "safe space" into wiki, got a weird page referring to
      the 86 page.
    + lxpk - let's fix this right now.
    meet thex and lxpk after the meeting.
    + thex - has been the principal editor of the noisebridge homepage and
      discussion page. has pretty much beaten back the tits and
      stories. made an effort to organize things weekly. 
    + lxpk - what's the page?
    + jarrod - noisebridge.net discussion page.
    ** thex
    
    anyone interested in running 5mof? otherwise let's focus on the next
    week, third thursday, day before maker faire.
    
    ? - what is 5mof?  thex - monthlyish sometimes weekly historical third
    thursday talk for 5 minutes. typically ten talks.  next thursday will
    be day before maker faire. one talk for ordibooth, one talk for
    simbridge, hopefully some other people. hit up 5mof on the wiki. thex
    is taking point, may have a conflict, can't 100% confirm whole
    5mof. but will definitely be here after lizzie - can maybe mc if thex
    needs it.  thex - slightly larger - volunteer to make sure it goes on
    announce and meetup.
    jarrod - j usually does it.
    lizzie
    thex - can jarrod be able to moderate announce?
    jarrod - needs to ask #rack.
    cowlicks and lizzie - thanks for making it happen.
    
    thex - music and drink 
    
    geoge - do we livestream it?
    thex - we could but don't. sometimes we record it.
    george - we should do it sometime. maybe vr.
    
    ** trent has an announcmenet
    
    trent looks around shiftily.
    
    thursday 8pm - the library wg will be meeting. will be working on a django
    and react app for the library. don't come if you know what you're
    doing, but if you want to learn come. react and django rest. so probably
    
    ** jarrod annoucnement
    
    stupid shit hackathon is this weekend. it's probably one of the
    biggest events we have for the last two years. we use every chair and
    seat and every working space. 150 people here all trying to find a
    place for their laptops and burritos and workshops. please be
    prepared + also come. coming in early saturday for cleanup. same day
    as godwaffle. then after that stupid shit starts. removing things from
    circumstances. if you want to come to help clean, come at 8-12 and
    meet jarrod. but also come and work on projects. really cool
    event. took us by surprise. now we have a welder and laser cutter.
    
    ryan - lots of people won't be trained.
    augur - one person will be here to train.
    thex - who is the point?
    jarrod - noah swartz
    thex - also toool is coming on sunday.
    jarrod - good luck.
    thex - if no one has any objections he'll take the back space around church for vr stuff and toool.
    cowlicks - we should ask if toool can move
    thex - they moved it already
    jarrod - depends on how many people.
    ryan - could we fit it in turing? back room has plug access because wifi sucks.
    lxpk - toool should just do stupid shit.
    jatrrod- the networek connection has died every stupid shit hackathon soooo
    ryan - yeah. even with wired?
    jarrod - probably just a wireless.
    lxpk - bring ethernet adaptor.
    thex - will have at least one 5ghz network running indepedently.
    ryan - who's workin on the ethernet switch in the back room?
    crickets
    thex - when are we doing setup?
    jarrod - saturday morning.
    thex - can't be here saturday mo9rning but it could be cool to drop extension cables and power stips.
    lizzie - but godwaffle
    thex - before staurday, church and turing.
    jarrod - tables and chairs around turing and church.
    will finish this discussion outside of meeting
    
    ** vr stuff
    george and marky hosted a film festival in vr and it was a concept
    we've been working on at altspace. was really cool. watching a 2d
    screen inside an immersive theater, + q and a sessions. looking how to
    develop space more. unity plugs right into it but it's still tricky. 
    lx and ryan will talk after.
    
    george - 1000, 4000
    lx - 5mof
    
    george - nicolas cage's brother
    
    ** cowlicks wanted to have a safe space discussion
    
    if you, maybe like a week ago, he saw a thing happen that made him
    unsure how to handle it. wanted to have a discussion about how
    noisebridge isn't very safe and how we can make it better.
    
    in particular, someone came to noisebridge for the first time, guy
    gave her a tour, monopolized her time for 3+ hours. she was friendly
    but the guy wasn't picking up hints.  he should have given her
    space. if it's your first time here you want to be nice but he
    wouldn't be surprised if she didn't come back.
    
    tried to pull him aside without making it awkward but it didn't
    work. that's something cowlicks wanted to make people aware of it. noisebridge being a safe space isn't only about harassment
    
    thex - now that you've had time to think about it, how could you have
    handled it?  cowlicks - didn't do anything for
     the fiorst hour, could
    have been direct about talking somewhere else.
    george - was there a complaint?
    cowlicks - yeah I'm complaining.
    george - did she complain?
    cowlicks - I'm complaining. She probably received too much attention and it makes people uncomfortable. On your first time here you don't want to be 
    george - so he wouldn't leave her?
    cowlicks - he was polite but trying 
    trent - what happened?
    cowlicks - unresolved. letr's talk offline.
    
    lxpk - whenever we mention what safe space is, tries to mention
    this. this is the way safe space issues happen mostly. in our
    discussions of safe spaces, we need to draw attention to
    it. noisebridge historically has had a couple people who are beloved
    but monopolizes peoples' times. it's not something most people are aware of.
    
    cowlicks - yeah, we should do that.
    
    lxpk - should maybe be on the safe space .
    
    luke - there's an ambiguity around what it means to be excellent and
    it's interesting because there's a big issue around social and
    emotional labor. there's a burden especially put on women about
    emotional labor. Maybe we should add a bit more clearness about what
    it means to be excellent. some people may feel like it's excellent to
    give other people all of their time. there's guilt wrapped up in
    it. the safe space stuff is all about
    
    trent - we have idioms, like "this person won't leave me alone".
    cowlicks - but also she didn't ask him to leave alone. 
    lizzie - 
    george - can say "we can just go to the bathroom"
    cowlicks - we need to make it explicit that the dude has to fuck off.
    
    luke - to do it with kindness is important.
    cowlicks 
    ryan - it can definitely be a disability
    
    lxpk - some people have a disability but it's often just obliviousness. maybe you can put on headphones.
    
    cowlicks - don't want to put more emphasis about what the person being
    bothered should do. people aren't culpable for some kind of annoyances
    and bothering people but they are if we make them aware of it. I think
    most people are culpable but ignorant.
    
    lxpk - other than the safe space discussions, how do we make this
    known widely? greeting people is a good place. we should bring up
    "don't monopolize time".
    cowlicks - I have. and also point out anti-harassment policy. please bring it up giving a tour, especially if it's a dude.
    thex - along those lines, the headphone thing, it would be nice if there was a general understood signal  for "I'm here, I have something to do".
    ryan - yeah.
    cowlicks - it's not the responsibility of the person being harassed to signal that they need to be bother it.
    thex - if it was understood that we have these headphones we could do it. it's somewhat common practice for bartenders to have codes.  creating a social situation awareness or a safeword. 
    
    juan - on the door there's a piece of paper with blakc and yellowish
    text about how we have an anti-harassment policy and how if people are
    hanging around others it's not excellent. signs are a good way to
    advocate outside meetings.
    
    cowlicks - direct response. but we have hundreds of thousand signs
    around noisebridge. we should point that out more.
    
    thex - good.  ryan - so, I understand both points. it shouldn't be the
    problem of the one being harassed to respond. but also there needs to
    be an ability for them if no one else has noticed to raise
    attention. we need to make it happen as little as possible but no
    amount of training .
    lizzie - leaving will always be easier than weird cultural headphones things.
    
    marky - on a certain level it's the person's being harassed's
    responsibility. we need to create a safe space by allowing people to
    tell each other to fuck off. you don't know if she was actually
    bothered.
    
    (augur - this is a queue not a stack)
    
    cowlicks - direct response. we have a problem at noisebridge where
    there's very few women. there aren't going to be more women coming to
    the space to use tools. women are expected to be passive and nice and
    it's much easier to leave than to tell them to fuck off. we need to
    explain to people that you can be monopolizing someone's time without
    trying to bother them. you should give people space, especially if
    it's their first time here and they want to leave.
    
    george - when I came here two weeks ago, I was uncomfortable because I
    didn't know anyone here. passing someone off and leaving them alone
    sometimes makes people uncomfortable.
    
    marky - who was more aware of the harassment policy - the new person
    or the person talking?
    
    cowlicks - it would have been great if she had felt like she could say
    that. but these are nuanced situations. it can make the space
    unwelcoming and I don't think if someone comes to noisebridge to do
    something. this is a nuanced thing and it's something that that person
    should have realized. we need to train our community a little better
    and police ourselves.
    
    george - can we have a girl show them the space?
    
    trent - I don't think that makes any sense. the anti-harassment policy
    specifically says that it includes persistent, uninvited
    communication. that's harassments. your (cowlicks) perception is that
    it was persistent and uninvited. do people always mention the
    anti-harassment policy on tours (lizzie, cowlicks, jarrod, thex
    (mentioning it)). I think the fact that there is one
    
    luke - the boilerplate is there, and it doesn't get contested, but the
    things that stick we can really emblazon in the space.
    
    trent - there are signs.
    
    luke - but there are bigger things.
    
    trent - maybe we need anti-harassment art?
    
    luke - bmw plant has little signs for don't talking to it. maybe we can circumvent social problems with 
    
    lizzie - nobody reads signs. well-known phemomeon.
    
    trent - but pointing to signs is useful.
    
    ben - noticed it when he went to the bathroom and thought it was cool,
    as a newer person.
    
    augur - these are jarrod's sign.
    
    cowlicks and lizzie like em.
    
    ben - but it's on the left, so it's hard to see when you're coming in.
    
    jarrod - maybe the time has passed, but I feel like the conversation
    was verring into "the what are the responsibilities of the person
    being harassed". regardless of their responsibilities, what can
    noisebridge do to lessen that occurence? that's where this discussion
    should be, not "should someone say something".
    
    thex - the thing that iv'e heard between most all of this is the
    awareness factor. unawarness is the culprit. if it's part of the tour
    or the and part of the community standards, if that was like the
    top-level thing and this was more readily discussed. to me that's
    something very different from safe spaces. be aware that people monopolize times intentionally and unintentionally, but that's not quite about safe spaces.
    
    cowlicks - would like to push the fact that this is a safe space
    issue. giving people unwanted attention *is* harassment. it makes
    people feel like it's not a safe space.
    
    lxpk - jc (thex) was saying it's not a safe space. I think it might
    not register in peoples' heads as a safe space issue. but the sign
    deserves to be big. maybe a comic.
    
    lizzie - we should talk about what we can do outside of specifics of sign-making.
    
    thex - let's continue this afterwards.
    
    trent says we're at the end of the stack.
    
    thanks trent for taking stack!
    
    ** ryan - wiki
    different meeting probably.  lxpk - it would be nice to have a concise
    hand-held handout to contain all this. infospaces have zines. the zine
    from longhaul infoshop might be a cool thing to have. we could talk
    about it more. but it would be cool tot ake

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]