Meeting Notes 2011-07-19 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 170th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps|Danny]]

Moderator: [[User:miloh|Miloh]]
 
Miloh introduced hand gestures. Miloh said 30 minutes of traditional meeting 30 minutes. Some discussion of minutes

=== Introduction and Names ===

Shannon - proposes a lot 

Cynthia - retired doctor

Danny - i'm reading out what i'm just writing

Jeffrey - I'm new

Jim -- I live in Philly

Jene -- UC Berkeley

Kit - electronics

Gavin -- coming from a month and half

Ariel -- coming for two years

Michael -- that's all

Kelly -- 

John -- heard from oakland in group, interested in what's going on here

Jesse -- I like technology

Will -- I like technology as well

Liz -- webdev, making stuff, small publishing pres

Warren -- been here for a month or two, looking for a place to voluteer

Al -- technofloater

Otto -- hi otto!

Duncan -- i enjoy learning teaching

Carl -- volunteering!

Aestetix -- work on projects

Robert -- I occasionally break things, and make things better. Webdev!

Kathryn -- cook asian food on monday nights for tastebridge

* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.
* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!

=== New or Stale Events ===

Kelly reported on what events there are!

=== Consensus items ===

Consensus for [[Noisebridge Tor | NoiseTor]]:

Kelly asks if Rachel's questions are answered. Kelly is concerned whether our insurance might not cover it.

It was felt that Rachel might oppose this, so the decision was postponed.

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: $17,890.31 -- still not 3 months ahead, but doing okay.

Xero has a bug in it which is missing paypal payments, so we've not been reconciling correctly (Xero has missed the payments, so while our balance is correct, and paypal reflects the payments, our accounts don't show it).

We should rearrange our financial system to take into account separate sub-projects.

=== Discussion Items ===

Offer of facilities management stuff from Ariel.

Tastebridge -- now has a ledger by their donations box. Getting donations, receiving donations. Going for a $500 pledge, and looking for $500 maybe from NB once that pledge is met.

Kelly points for 501(c)3 stuff to magically work, they need to give us a record of how much money was being collected.

John asks if people move on from NB projects to do commercial projects, is that problematic? (General answer: no)

John talks about heavy machining connecting electronics. Recommended to join the fab list.

Carl is upset about the couch removal (some weeks ago). Carl would like to see discussion before removal of couches. It's unknown who removed the couch in question and whether or not it was the "maybe bedbugs" couch from some weeks ago. 

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]