Meeting Notes 2008-07-08 
 [[Category:Meeting Notes]]

== Pre-Meeting ==

Here's things to talk about. Add stuff. 

# Updates if any from Carol/Mitch on bylaws
# Last HOPE coming up Real Soon Now! Send project notes + screenshots to Mitch!
# Andy talks about stickers
# Schedule space excursions

== Meeting Notes ==

Present: Noah, John, Rachel, Jonas, Andy, Audrey, Jake

# No update from Carol/Mitch
# Andy has stickers order in, but no response yet with ETA from Jakprints
# Andy has business card design
# Added at least two spaces to the wiki: 880 Harrison and another SOMA space