Meeting Notes 2011-12-06 
 == Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 190th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: [[User:Malaclyps]]

Moderator: [[User:Lizzard]]

=== Introduction and Names ===

* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."

* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.

Kaya -- compels me to be productive. Low hum of brain energy here forces to me to be productive. Working on a book! Sheer power of Noisebridge COMPELLED ME.

Zephyr -- Here for the JÃ¸rgen

Max -- I come to convince myself not to do work. PERFECT EQUILIBRIUM OF LAZINESS

Leif -- is hacking a burrito

Mike -- technowanderer, if you will. Trying to work on a new visual interactive programming environment that brings the computer closer to your hands without being a distant object. But it's a loooong and hard road.

Jake -- working on how to use the timer in a AVR microcontroller to do back and forth PBM. Concerned about things that are really serious.

Christian -- Third time here. Runs an Anarchic college. Corvid college.

Rachel -- do lots of things, some involving things that conduct electricity

Edd -- used to be a SLAVE OF THE STATE. Now he comes to Noisebridge VOLUNTARILY.

Erica -- I'm here for comic relief. MAKES BACON TREATS. REPEAT MAKES BACON TREATS.

Cooper -- works on computers. Usually here for other meetings. I'm a member in absentia. Liz offers to help

Gaeten -- Second time here. Just curious. 

Jorgen -- attending a meeting!

Ben -- does not wish to introduce himself.

Josh -- just looking to be introduced to the community. Not so tech oriented, and maybe spreading it.

Zach Morris -- like mechanical stuff, be it sewing or cooking or whatever.

Liz -- I am a writer and poet and political junkie. Like co-operatives and anarchy and electronics and feminism and other things.

Danny -- I'm writing this sentence. 

Justin -- I've been to noisebridge don't know how many times. Quit my evil corporate job. Right now posted an ad on craigslist as a joke, and got 5 responses for a job interview, and wanted 

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Cooper -- baconbits. We do Bay Area Coalition of Nerds Building Insurgent Technology Systems. We help build technology for
#occupy . Right now we meet on Tuesday at 7pm.

Liz makes the wall of awesome -- photos of people of
Noisebridge, so if you want a photo up there, put it up there
yourself, or contact [[User:Lizzard]] and she will help you.

Robert: The server shelfs are gone! We have made contact with a recycling group that is more efficient and taking stuff.

[[Noiseland]] is still in process! The idea is to have a place in the country with naked robots. The search is on for a plot of land already.

=== New or Stale Events ===

BACONBITS!

Two and half years ago marked my tenth year in academia. Couldn't stand the wage-slavery. We founded [http://www.corvidcollegesf.com/ Corvid college], an anarchic college, not a hassle-castle. No fees, no tuition. We practice radical tolerance. You can charge anything. We don't hate money. We don't love it either. We use reverse-bribery. We charge $10 for the first class, $100 for the second class, and then students get paid $10 for coming back. 

I'd like to do our hoedown, which is where teachers perform their syllabus on stage for potential students.

I'd like to do it Saturday 17th.

Everyone goes cool!

Rob has HTML5 Monday nights, 7 o'clock.
Alex did Gamebridge
Circuit hacking mondays. Mondays are busy!

=== Financial Report ===

Funds in bank: $18,246

We recently paid rent. Blah blah will copy this from email.

=== Membership Binder ===

* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

That the money spent on hosting noisebridge.net by Andy be paid by Noisebridge, to the sum of $1000.

Jake says if it ain't broke, we don't fix it.

SuperQ says it is broken. It's bad he has to pay.

Jake says maybe he likes it.

Rachel says maybe we should do a new system going forward.

Zephyr asks why? 

SuperQ says it's a pretty big chunk of money that Andy. And I think it is right thing to do.

Leif says maybe it is a donation.

Zephyr says why this particular donation.

Liz suggest that maybe Andy can write it off.

Tom suggests that if we pay him, 

Justin -- suggests a thank you card or $1000 in monopoly.

Jake suggests we would have to give a card to everyone.

First it was proposed we contact Andy first, and come back to
the table.

People talked about how WEIRD that would be. Zephyr emphasised the weird.

Then it was proposed that we discuss with the treasurer and the
people who pay the ongoing bill about whether we should take over the account.

=== Pizza ===

Baconbits donates their pizza to the adjacent meeting, due to scheduling errors. We eat.

=== Discussion Items ===



Rob cleaned up the ewaste room. Rob also got rid of scrap metal stuff. And there's a place to store scrap wood that we will never use.

But the garbage bins are full now, even though it is only Tuesday. Maybe we should work out some way of fixing this.


But how can we get rid of all the stuff that is building up over the week?

Ben can get a van and drive stuff to the dump.

Rachel says she can email Ben with the info of the dump.

We talked about Jorgen's behavior. A lot. 

There aren't any detailed notes for this bit, because I asked about stopping taking them during the description of the incidents for privacy reasons, and didn't retake them up during the loong discussion afterwards. 

I'm not sure I can summarize too precisely, so please feel free to add or correct.

There was a number of incidents discussed (Rachel, Ramon, Zach, and Erica all talked about incidents). Jorgen was very sorry. Many at the meeting felt that a simple commitment not to do them again would not be credible, primarily because there was a number of events, and they had all taken place while Jorgen was under the influence of alcohol. Some felt that Jorgen's many fine contributions to Noisebridge should be taken into account; others felt that good behaviour does not justify or trump bad. Rob and Zephyr were concerned that Jorgen was being highlighted for criticism and action when there were others who exhibited worse behavior.

Jake suggested that Jorgen take some time away from Noisebridge; Jorgen said he was planning to do so. Jorgen said that he would not sleep at Noisebridge, and not drink, but some repeated that this was felt to be something that right now he could not honestly commit to. Catherine proposed that Jorgen agree not to come to Noisebridge between 8PM and 8AM. It was felt that this would allow Jorgen to come to Noisebridge while he was sorting himself out, but also allow others to feel safer.

Danny noted that while this wasn't a consensus item, nor a rule that Noisebridge was making, members in the past had worried about unbounded agreements. He offered that we publicly revisit the matter in the near future (after Christmas).

We almost came to a conclusion, than Danny freaked that 8PM and 8AM was a weird and arbitrary provision and Leif co-freaked. Creative alternatives were sought. Everyone got a bit frazzled. In the end, Jorgen said "I won't be drunk at Noisebridge again, not sleep here, and not visit Noisebridge between 8PM and 8AM except meetings, until further notice."

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]