Meeting Notes 2012-05-15 
 = Agenda =

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 216th Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Jehan, http://piratepad.net/Fh8nv2KgDL

Moderator: Malaclyps
 
== Introduction and Names ==

(and many others -- we only got started on the note-taking after a few intros had gone past)

* Cynthia: keeps place going
* John: Hacking on Biomonitoring
* Michele: French?
* Robert: Linux, DBs
* Ava: Visiting
* Julian: Spectator
* Liz: Hangs out sometimes
* Miloh: Circuit hacking and replicating
* Jared: Machine Learning, Hadoop
* Will: 5mof
* Corey &amp; Marnia: Robo-Gardens

== Short Announcements ==
* Daniella- Great idea, provisional patents. Entering tech awards. In Santa Clara, third party recipiant = NB! 
* Intro to Linux one night a month. Non techie. Will be posted.
* Hard drive enclosures, internet archive, new fund. Archive.org

== New or Stale Events ==
* R started Ruby collaborative mondays 5 oclock
* Thursdays 5mof, looking for speakers. Talk about mother or interpretive dance.
* Maker Faire this weekend- Page on wiki to sign up and volunteer, talk to Chris Lincoln.

== [[Membership Binder]] ==
* Zephyr
* Blake Griffis 4
* Daniel Jabour 4
* Aspen 4
* Tobias 4
* Jim Sweet needs 2 sponsors

== Financial Report ==
* Funds in bank:
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
** There are $2101.33 earmarked NoiseTor funds
** Colo service has been paid through Jun 7, 2012
** There are enough funds to pay for an additional 2 months of colo
** This information was updated at Tue May 15 20:21:07 2012

== Consensus items ==
You may wish to '''invite a knowledgeable volunteer to repeat '''[[Consensus Process|a brief primer on the consensus process]].

=== Proposals from last week ===

''(Add any items which pass or are blocked to the [[Consensus Items History]] page.)''

=== Proposals for next week ===

* That we extend the cleaning contract with Skyline Building Care for another six months.  (Added to [[Current Consensus Items]])

Add 70 minute limit on meetings

Select Time-Keeper = Miloh

== Discussion Items ==

* Additional: Cleaning Service- Have we gotten a good deal? Should we continue?
* DIY bio: 10 minutes
** 2 refrigerators
** Full of papayas, now empty, group tried to throw it out.
** Does anyone want fridge?
    
* 5MoF Pitch

* "R" (edited to "R" after meeting to avoid linking an individual's initials to an embarrassing series of events -Jehan)  discussion
** Gavin Says:
*** Threatened to kill other members
*** Tony felt uncomfortable because of other members- i.e. R
*** Support or help R?
*** Traditional option is mediation     
*** R has made some threats to someone at Noisebridge -- safety could be a concern to some people
*** Mediation hasn't worked for at least one person.
** R Says:
*** Truly appreciates community
*** Takes responsibility for what has happened
*** Admits was in wrong
*** Lack of communication with parties involved
*** Cycle of wronggness
**** Drunk
**** Drunk during meeting as well
**** Not as jovial as usual
** Tony came up to R in agressive way
*** Would not let him speak
*** told R to suck cock
*** R suggested inverse cock sucking relationship
*** Many cocksucking suggestions were made, according to Kayla
*** Kayla gives a very vivid description of the cock-sucking language used
*** Cocksucking story may be wrong according to R
*** No Cocksucking after all
*** Kayla just wants to say that R does many positive things around the space as well
** Miloh is pissed about R 2.0
*** Hacking and not finishing
*** Miloh says R should leave for month
*** R doesn't finish his projects, and only makes a mess.
** Daniella says give him a second chance.
** Kayla says 2 week hiatus
** Will has never had problem with him personally- but when he has heard problems they involve alchohol (mild claps)
*** No drinking in space for some people
*** Some people do not believe that the details should be in notes.
*** Kayla recieved text claiming to be proxying for Tony
** Zephyr has had a few problems with R and feels that the solutions are appropriate
** Gavin says what about an email list? Mediators as admins.
** Jim says that he doesnt like the idea that R leaves. Likes no drinking.
** Liz says we should support R if you haven't had problems with him
** Ramone says taking break from place is not solution, mediation is good solution type thing, not super opposed to break. But it's not direct solution.
** Kayla says brief hiatus from NB can be good. 
** R says it's a good idea. If it makes people feel comfortable. He is willing to take a break from the space for a month. 
** Miloh says that R can't argue with charges. It is sexual harassment (of tony)
** R says that Kayla's credibility on alleged cocksucking comments should be disputed. 
** R says: He is not agaisnt anyone for any sexual orientation. Has numerous gay friends and roomates. (loud arguing) (5 minute break)
** (meeting recommences)
** More to it than is on the board: Complicated proposal: 
*** Bad for NB as whole to tell ppl to leave and send them off
*** Spending some time away can be good in general and good for R in particular
*** People feel that it is bad to explain things to R because there can be confrontation
*** People think that R should spend time away but that they feel that he should not be asked to spend time away
*** People feel that it is good to ask him to not be drunk (and rowdy) in NB
*** Does the space need to have a no shitfacedness policy?
*** Claudia agrees
*** A few people disagree
*** Group feeling is that drunkeness is an essential NB ingredient
*** Alot of people love R, and the events, and the hour long meeting is a tragedy
*** R agrees with the above.
*** Miloh advocates for 10 week break
*** MC Hawking says 20 weeks
*** No real consensus 
*** R says that he would be comfortable taking month off
**** We should work out way to co-exist
**** Space may not be big enough for both R and Gavin
**** R intends to take legal action about above slander as he alleges
*** Is 4 weeks too long?
*** 3 weeks as a medium between 2 weeks (hippie mob who is kindly) 4 weeks (r in his self-flagellation)  
** Conclusions:
*** 3 week break and no drinking for R
*** Community can drink R's beers.
*** R can drink water, and eat ice cream
*** Hippie group therapy and avengers movie counseling
**** R insists no problem with "homophilia"
**** Whoa, R may be drinking in the corner. But agrees not to drink.
**** R wants Noisebridge Postcard, sounds like a good idea
**** but wait, this isn't democratic process.
**** We're not a democracy dammit.
**** This shoudl be voluntary for R (it is)
**** We're not the fucking police (goddamn right) 
**** At the age of 7 R was diagnosed with Posttraumatic stress. This has haunted 
**** Noisebridge demands new Icecream diet for R
**** let's mediate bro
**** Our fearless temporary spokesperson demands 3 weeks.
* Bio hacking.   papayas.  on thursday people tried to throw out the broken fridge. something something rotten papayas.  What?
*** Miloh says it's just that we had 2 fridges. it is not a bio hacking thing at all. at least sell the fridge to benefit the space. 
*** jesse - suggestion that something about biohacking.... ?
*** Oh. okay jesse is actually saying, Does Noisebridge NOT have a problem with diy bio hacking?  
*** This doesn't make sense, both fridges wer

EOF

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]