Meeting Notes 2016-05-03 
 These are the notes from the [https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 405th Meeting of Noisebridge]. 

Date: 3 May 2016 

Note-taker: Miloh Moderators: Jarrod.

== Meeting Summary ==

* Announcements: Flaschen Taschen nearing completion, [https://noisebridge.net/wiki/Stupid_Shit_No_One_Needs_%26_Terrible_Ideas_Hackathon_2.0 Stupid Things hackathon] needs participants and volunters, May 14th &amp; 15th Maker Faire Coming up the following weekend.
* Finances: around 42k in the bank
* New members: no new members this week
* New philanthropists: Kashif V.
* Consensus Items: no consensus items
* Discussion Items: flaschen taschen final prep, sftesla society, upcoming tours, creative collab index

= Introductions =

Noisebridge, Vision and mission is introduced 

==Intros in Attendance:==
*Jarrod - sparkleforge and flaschen taschen and GE (general excellence)
*Mike - flaschen taschen and electronics
*Frank - physics and new theories
*Ryan - psychology and glassblowing and setting up a couple websites as of late
*Hunan - heard about noisebridge from zero to maker by david lang working
*Frank - learning programming and coming for 8months or so, FEWD, Android,background in audio, looking to build some things with audio.
*Jarvis - mainly works with 3D and recently working on android programming and learning unity
*Henner - likes to program stuff and hasbeen working on getting the flaschen taschen ready for maker faire
*Andreas - mostly working on open drone boat project recnetly
*Carl - "Hellow I'm Carl and lately I've been hacking the flaschen taschen"


= Short announcements and events =
* Andreas announces that someone dropped off a new flaschforge clone (makerbot clone of clone)
* May 7th we are having a cleaning Day in the space [next Saturday], there is a list of tasks online and IRL on the wall next to the donation box at the entry.
* Henner:  Flaschen Taschen final prep:  We Need people that would like to help get it into the final state, quality control check and some final touches.  We will be working this Friday May 6th afternoon to evening
* Jarrod:  We will need volunteers for the Makerfaire on the 21st 22nd 23rd -- Set uP, Booth Work, Tear Down. Coordinate your volunteer session with Jarrod Hicks

= Consensus and Discussion =

Ryan gives an overview and starts a discussion of the consensus process used at Noisebridge
Henner adds some points

No consensus items this week 


= [[ Philanthropist &amp; Membership Section ]] =

Jarrod introduces the philanthropist member level and asks if anyone is up for philanthropest membership (no one answers), and philantohropest membership priviledges and responsibility.
Jarrod introduces Noisebridge member and the concomittant responsibility of members

No new philanthropists, no new members to consense on.


= Financial Report =
* Funds in bank: around $42k in the bank 
* Noisetor (See the bulletpoints at the bottom of http://noisetor.net/finances/#summary):
* Any other details by those participating in handling our financials



== Discussion Items ==

SFTESLA EXISTS?!?!
 Frank - is exploring the possibility of community partnership with San Francisco Tesla society as they seek to reorganize or meet again (provided they are interestd) 
 Ryan - there is a 8' tesla coil in someone's living room garage.
 Lee -Can the flaschen taschen react to signals from a tesla coil in real time?
 Ryan - think we could do that with the correct receiver, unsure of legality

== Olivier ==
 Parisoma founder wants to give a tour to some visitors from France on the 18 May

== Ryan comments:  ==
Ryan and friends have been building a collaborative environment for building creative projects integration of online systems into a 'large collaborative environment for people to do things and at some point actually have a location'.  He is seeking feedback on the idea and is available at ryanrokey1@yahoo.com

Kashif - brought in a flashforge creator clone or a makerbot replicator clone clone 


== Philanthropist section of the Meeting revisited ==

Kashif - after discussion and support by member and philanthropists present Kashif is added as a philanthropist of noisebridge


= End of Meeting =

# Meeting Adjourned around 1930
# The [[membership binder]] is returned to its rightful location.

== Fun things to do after ==

# We Discussed various things like noisebridgers do
# we looked at layers 
# Enjoy the company of your fellow hacker, robot, or robothacker.


[[Category:Meeting Notes]]