Meeting Notes 2011-10-18 
 == HOWTO run a meeting. ==

Pick a moderator, and a note-taker. The note-taker should:

* write notes in this page, put them back up online when they're done,
* edit the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] if anything is decided to be up for consensus next week (stuff raised for consensus this week should be publicised for a final decision next week)
* edit the [[Consensus_Items_History|Consensus Items History]] if anything was consensed or failed to consense this week.
* tell treasurer@noisebridge.net and secretary@noisebridge.net if there are new members.

Moderator should:
* make sure everyone gets a chance to speak
* speak minimally themselves
* keep the meeting moving! you're in charge of summarising the consensus, and/or suggesting things that need to be done!
* get the membership binders and ensure they are returned to the black desk

== Agenda ==

[https://www.noisebridge.net/wiki/Category:Meeting_Notes The 183rd Meeting of Noisebridge]

Note-taker: Max W

Moderator: Tom L
 

=== Introduction and Names ===
* [[Noisebridge_Vision|What Noisebridge is about]]: "Noisebridge is a 501c3 nonprofit that provides a space for creation, collaboration, and learning about technology and creative projects. Noisebridge provides space, power tools, and infrastructure to help the public learn new skills and create cool things. Noisebridge continues to exist through and depends entirely on membership fees and donations. Our code of conduct is 'Be excellent to each other'."
* Round of introductions: What's your name, what do you do, and if you are new, how did you hear about Noisebridge? Start with the moderator and go left.

** tom - moderator
** evan -  professional noisebridge freeloader
** cynthia - left texas, enjoys what we do
** jonathan - likes techshop, prefers noisebridge
** brian - android/ios developer
** ben - good attitude about mercury. Learning RHEL
** kaya - developer, specializing in atmospheric displacement
** elsp - working with maker bots, fixing crap up.
** laura - still has not seen the movie hackers
** jessie - engineer by profession. Enjoys engineering in free time.
** bill - here to pay dues
** will - was disgustingly late
** kelly - arrived after will

* [[Consensus Process|A brief primer on consensus process]]: We agree and so should you! Only paid-up members can block consensus.

=== Short Announcements ===

Cool new projects? Something you'd like people to know? Say now, but keep it short!

Kaya: Downstairs: guy next store, 'miram', was angry about the trash cans in front of the building

=== New or Stale Events ===

Is there anything new happening at the space?
Is there anything that has stopped happening at the space?

elsp: Journey to the end of the night happens next Saturday (Oct 29th) Basically a giant city wide game of tag + Halloween costumes.

=== Financial Report ===
Funds in bank: 
$22344.33 - current aggregate bank balance

* PGE lighting replacement: 'hopefully we'll hear more on this over the next month or two'
* Talk of disabling monkeybrains internet. RESOLVED: We no longer need to mail them checks as we can pay online via PayPal or CC. We're currently running @ 30mbit/s up&amp;down.

=== Membership Binder ===
* Read off any names from the binder for the past month. Write a check on every open application.
* Anyone up for joining this week (ie have four checks by their name + have two sponsors) should introduce themselves then leave the area in search of gifts (traditionally beer and a lime) for the rest of the group. The rest of the meeting should consense on whether they may join.
** Laura - First checkmark
** Kaya - First checkmark
** Todd - No sponsors
** Sebastian Lane - No sponsors - checkmark++;
** Gavin Knight
***4 checkmarks, 2 sponsors (Miloh, Danny)
&lt;blockquote>
Grew up in bay area. Didn't know about noisebridge until he found noisebridge. In a small startup doing programming, open to learning more about hardware. 'Hacker prom was really great' Really wants to join and become a member.&lt;/blockquote>

&lt;blockquote>
'How do you feel about the consensus process?', 'Um I think it works well, however sometimes communication breaks down.' '''Sometimes people lose track of when something has been brought up previously or not'''
&lt;/blockquote>
&lt;blockquote>
'Tell me about radical inclusion. People may not get along, but people contribute more than their disagreements would take away'
'''It doesn't work when people start self policing and it takes actually effort to get a system like this to work'''
&lt;/blockquote>

Moderator: 'It is the consensus of noisebridge that Gavin Knight be a member'

=== Consensus items ===

''(Add any new items for consensus to the [[Current_Consensus_Items|Current Consensus Items]] page.)''

* No current consensus items
* No new items brought up.

=== Discussion Items ===
* Only one speaker for five minutes of fame this Thursday (Oct 20th)
** http://5mof.net/signup - signup here

* MonkeyBrains situation:
&lt;blockquote>
Working on monkey brains situation now. The monkey brains link has been repaired. It is now excellent. Much better than our sonic link. Equipment on the roof has been replaced. Moderately reliable 30mbit/s. Trying to turn out default gateway over to monkeybrains tonight.

$6000 in equipment. Raises from 30mbit to gigabit for the same monthly price.

4-10ms latency.

Monkeybrains link has been working under ssid:'noisebridge-mc', pass:'noisebridge'
&lt;/blockquote>

=== End of Meeting ===
* [[PGP|PGP Key Signing]] could happen now, check the [[PGP|list]] to see who wants in on the action.
* Put back the membership binder in the black desk.
* Save the meeting notes to the wiki.
* Send a copy of the meeting notes to the discussion list.
* Copy the [[Meeting Notes Template]] for next week's agenda and update the main wiki page's link to it.
* Enjoy a cocktail with your fellow hacker or robot.

[[Category:Meeting Notes]]